We are knowledgeablewe understand the nuances of the science behind cancer therapies.
We are focusedeverything we do helps researchers identify the most promising cancer therapies.
We are innovativewe develop and deploy new technologies to help harness the vast amount of data modern trials generate.CloudRaker is the marketing and technology agency for the post-advertising era 
We are customer-centric marketers, which means we dont just make people want things, we make things people want.
SERVICES:
CloudRaker blends the science of data and the art of content to connect with today's customer.
For more information, see our Services page.Ipsos is an innovative, entrepreneurial, client-focused global organisation, providing broad market research services.
Innovation & Brand Strategy (Ipsos Marketing)
At Ipsos, we deliver insightful expertise and our researchers assess market potential and interpret market trends, develop and build brands which helps our clients build long-term relationships with their customers.A data collection and analysis tool to improve performance on meat, milk and genetics production.
Reliable information improve meat production.
We also help you achieve goals on daily milk production.
A productive cow gives more milk given the proper care and enjoys more life quality.Wiser is the leading provider of actionable data for better decisions.
Wiser collects and analyzes online and in-store data with unmatched speed, scale and accuracy.
Using a unique combination of data science and human validation, Wiser offers integrated solutions for every aspect of retail, all in one place.Staffed with well-rounded technical and business system experts, Flexware is a nationwide, go-to resource for life science, food and beverage, industrial and discrete industry clients for software development, automation engineering and business intelligence, including custom manufacturing execution systems (MES) and IoT integration.Mjlner Informatics is a software and design consultancy, and we are passionate about making businesses grow digitally.
Data Science, Internet of Things, Digital Innovation, Customer Research,  Experience Design, and Industrial IT are our service areas.
We create innovative and holistic digital solutions that add value
to your business now  and in the future.The Analytics Institute is the professional body for the Data Analytics and Data Science sector in Ireland.
he Analytics Institute is the Professional Body for Data Analytics and Data Science professionals in Ireland.
Our organisation works with Government, Academia and the Corporate Business Sectors to promote cooperation, research and employment growth in the Data Analytics and Data Science sectors.Steeped in data science, Bright eliminates the noise in the hiring process by efficiently connecting job seekers to their best opportunities, and employers to their top prospects.
Our machine-learning algorithm, the Bright Score, examines thousands of data points to find the best fit between job seekers and job openings.In this disrupted environment, MFG Labs mission is to help brands and organisations Embrace the Programmable World, by adding layers of intelligence on top of these automated systems, or by creating these systems when they dont already exist.
MFG Labs talent pool ranges from mathematicians to designers, with strong roots in world-class academic backgrounds.Gradient is an environmental and risk science consulting firm renowned for our specialties in Toxicology, Epidemiology, Risk Assessment, Product Safety, Contaminant Fate and Transport, Industrial Hygiene, Geographic Information Systems, and Environmental/ Forensic Chemistry.
Since 1985, Gradient has employed sound science to assist national and global clients with resolving their complex environmental and human health challenges.Unlike impersonal virtual programs offered by other wellness providers, CHP offers personalized health improvement solutionsdesigned to create lasting behavior change.
When you partner with us, well get to work immediately providing a wellness assessment and plan, individual biometric and health risk assessments for benchmark measurement, personalized face-to-face coaching sessions for continuous improvement, and year-long culture building.Follow us at Hero Digital as we pursue our goal of creating the strongest independent customer experience agency in North America.
Hero Digital combines strategy, design thinking, systems architecture, and data science in our delivery of multi-channel customer experiences for brands.CSA, which has 40 years of experience in the field of market research and opinion polling and 130 employees, provides companies and institutions with a detailed understanding of consumer behaviours in order to learn their needs, analyse their environments, anticipate changes in their behaviours, and identify the pathways for engagement using a clear decision-making process.At Fujifilm, we are continuously innovating  creating new technologies, products, and services that inspire and excite people everywhere.
The Canadian office markets and provides services for a broad spectrum of industries including digital and instant film photographic products; industrial segments including photofinishing products, data storage, electronic materials and graphic arts products and services.Fastcase is the premiere American provider of online legal research.
Fastcase puts the whole American law library on the desktop -- providing online access to millions of cases, statutes, and regulations, and at a fraction of the cost of existing alternatives.Teralytics offers the most advanced insights on human mobility based on cutting edge data science, proprietary machine learning algorithms and deep technology, capturing billions of signals every day from cell towers and other unique sources.
We believe in unlocking the power of data to change the cities we live in, solve real-world business problems, enhance peoples lives, and ultimately benefit the world.Clear Peak is a management & analytics consulting firm.
We operationalize data and elevate performance by uniquely integrating deep Insight and Data Analytics experience with focused Supply Chain and Customer Experience subject matter expertise.
We believe In high performance, agile teams operating in a high trust, transparent and collaborative environment to deliver better business outcomes.Relationship fundraising powered by donor intelligence.
As a full-service fundraising agency, we help our clients get new donors, keep them longer, and increase their giving to the organizations they care deeply about.
We believe that data science married with award-winning creative results in deeper relationships with the right donors.Headquartered in St. Louis, Mo., ARCO Construction Co., Inc. is a general contracting firm dedicated to providing clients with the complete design/build package.
Having completed nearly 4 billion in finished projects in twenty years plus, we aim to make the construction process both enjoyable and beneficial for our clients and to exceed expectations through successful planning, design and construction.Orbital Insight is a Geospatial Big Data company leveraging the rapidly growing availability of satellite, UAV, and other geospatial data sources, to understand and characterize socio-economic trends at global, regional, and hyper-local scales.
For our customers, from hedge funds to Fortune 500 companies to humanitarian organizations, we deliver an understanding of economic and social trends at a depth and scale they could only imagine up to now.Melbourne IT Enterprise Services is a leading provider of digital solutions for enterprise and government.
With a focus on rapid, design-led innovation and continuous improvement, we deliver deep insights that help businesses better understand their customers needs and preferences, design solutions to meet these needs, and reduce the time it takes to move from ideation to commercialisation.For over 25 years, in partnership with schools across America, we have developed summer and after-school programs that blend academics with enrichment to transform students to scholars and narrow the achievement gap.
Hand-in-hand with parents, educators, and school administrators, we have developed, refined, and replicated research-based OST programs that blend academic and enrichment to boost grades and social-emotional skills.Created in 2008, Eulidia has positioned itself as the Business Performance Partner offering a large range of services in Business Intelligence, Big Data and Performance Management : 
Contact us, and we will offer you a wide panel of services and solutions (Performance Management, Business Analytics, Big Data, Business Intelligence...)Design Your Digital Future.
Tiger Tail Digital  a company within the Adcorp Professional Services group of companies, operating in South Africa and Australia  unites leading digital talent with organisations to close the digital talent gap.
	Digital Marketing & Media
	Design, UX, UI, Creatives
	Digital ArchitectureESILV (Lonard de Vinci Graduate School of Engineering) is structured around digital sciences and technology and is separated into 4 major specialisations that include computer science, computational mechanics, finance, and energy.
ESILV is a 5 year programme that provides the digital industry with cutting edge specialists in computational mechanics, aerospace, automotive, computer science, big data, smart objects, smart home, smart grid, portfolio management, banking, and insurance.Advancing the Science and Engineering the Systems of Model-Based Drug Development
Cognigens multidisciplinary scientific teams reliably deliver high quality comprehensive technical reports synthesizing analysis findings to enable knowledge-based decision-making at critical regulatory and drug development milestones.
Our PERSPECTIVE Hypertext Data Analysis Mapping software and Internet-based client collaboration strategy allows integrated project teams real-time collaborative review of results and ensures relevant actionable findings.Ambyint offers an AI-driven, artificial lift optimization solution that helps E&Ps reduce cost while improving production.
We are leveraging innovative technologies, including edge computing in proprietary intelligent devices, predictive analytics, machine learning, and modern UI design to deliver significant benefits to customers.Nowadays, SARA is an independent organization which supports scientific research by offering the most advanced services and expertise in the areas of computing, data storage, visualization, networking, cloud and e-Science.
SARA now exclusively addresses to the support of scientific research.
As of January 1, 2013 SARA - from then on SURFsara - forms part of the SURF Cooperative.At Oakam were on a mission to make financial services accessible for millions of people across the UK.
They are excluded from the mainstream system of financial services used by many to easily access credit, due to low incomes or poor or no credit history in the UK.
Weve done this by serving our customers respectfully and often in their own language.ReSci is a marketing automation platform powered by AI.
ReSci personalizes AI-driven lifecycle marketing campaigns for the world's most innovative brands including: Target, Dollar Shave Club, The Honest Company, Microsoft, Beats by Dre, Violet Grey, and more.ESM Digital is a tight-knit team of #HigherEdGeeks who combine science and creativity to provide you with the high-quality inquiries that are most likely to convert into students who startand stayin your programs.
We are a team of creative data geeks who are as passionate about education as we are about digital marketing.ITMAGINATION is helping its clients to innovate by providing professional software development services, data analytics and outsourcing.
ITMAGINATION's portfolio includes prestigious prizes and awards: Deloitte Technology Fast 50 Central Europe (4 years in a row), Polish Forbes Diamonds, Business Gazelles and Computerworld Top 200.Butterfly Network is a cutting-edge technology company focused on democratizing healthcare through an ecosystem of products that are ultrasound-based.
Butterfly Network operates at the cutting edge of multiple engineering and scientific disciplines and strives to bring together world-class talent in computer science, physics, and electrical engineering.It provides long-term marine science capability including: major facilities; sustained ocean observing, mapping and survey; data management; and scientific advice.
Marine science national capability is provided to the Natural Environment Research Council (NERC) by NOC working in conjunction with our Delivery Partners.Forging ahead, on the course to be one of the globally leading news outlets in this field, Trendintech analyzes and delivers all news from the technology community in a realistic, comprehensible, and faster way.
The most distinctive feature of Trendintech that makes it stand out from the crowd is that it ensures users are able to reach short but concise information in the fastest way possible.The smart application of drying science to monitor results is producing substantial improvements.
Alacrity is dedicated to turning new, imaginative ideas into effective products and services that streamline existing methods, improve customer service and produce better financial results.A Big Data, Analytics & Data Science Specialist, GrayMatter Software Services Pvt Limited has implemented 200+ successful BI and Analytics solutions across multiple industries, technology platforms globally.
Our first global R&D centre in Helsinki, Finland has become operational in 2014 with primary focus on Airport Analytics product and Solution engineering.Stone & Chalk is Australia's leading independent fintech community for innovation programs, advocacy, and partnerships.
Stone & Chalk has 24 Australian and international corporate partners, houses over 100 full-time startups, 352 residents, with 13 of these now exporting.
Stone & Chalk has established resident and corporate innovation programs, inclusive of investor programs, pitch training, mentorship, and training.Our consultants are experts in Business Intelligence, Big Data, Cloud, Database, and Mobile Solutions.
Our partners include Microsoft, Cloudera, Hortonworks, MapR, Profisee, Qubole, and Tableau.
We have expertise in Big Data, Business Intelligence, Power BI, Data Platform, Mobile Apps, Portals and  Collaboration, and Custom Software Development.Hispavista LABS: the first R & D & I unit exclusively dedicated to the Internet in Spain and approved by EU, belonging to the Basque Science, Technology and Innovation Network, which promotes new projects related to Big Data & Machine learning, Blockchain, Internet of Things (IOT), ICO startups, Smart Cities, Industry 4.0, the cloud and new technological trends.Hadapt developed the industry's first Big Data analytic platform natively integrating real ANSI SQL with Apache Hadoop.
The companys core technology began as research in the Yale Computer Science department from a team including cofounders Dr. Daniel Abadi and PhD student Kamil BajdaPawlikowski.Blackbird Technologies, Inc. is a technology solutions provider whose mission is to solve challenging problems for customers in the Defense, Intelligence, and Law Enforcement Communities.
We successfully meld science with robust and reliable communications technology; fuse data and create multi-level data dissemination systems; and develop specialized networks that meet stringent requirements for reliability, security, and attribution.Clue is the #1 doctor recommended period & cycle tracking app.
Clue uses science and data to provide actionable personal insights into female health.
The free mobile app, available on iOS, Android and Apple Watch, calculates and predicts users periods and PMS based on users data.We are single minded in our pursuit of excellence in recruitment, setting the standard for the industry to the benefit of our candidates and clients.
We are relentless in pursuit of our goals and meeting the needs of our clients and candidates, our is what delivers our success.Acrotrend is a globally-operating customer insight and analytics consultancy with experience delivering high value to blue chip companies around the world.
We provide a start-to-finish data analytics consultancy service, starting by collecting and warehousing your data for you, then deriving actionable insights that you can use to better understand your customers.Working with eCommerce, Internet, Product, Digital, Mobile and Technology-driven organisations across the UK, Europe, the Middle East and beyond.
Headhunting, Confidential Search, Executive Search, eCommerce, eCommerce recruitment, mobile recruitment, digital recruitment, internet recruitment, emerging technology recruitment, analytics, business intelligence, product managers, product recruitment, online marketing recruitment, creative recruitment, executive recruitment, blockchain and crypto-currency recruitment and more..NatureServe, a non-profit organization, provides high-quality scientific expertise for conservation.
Our dynamic and impactful data, tools, and resources help guide conservation action where its needed most.
More than 1,000 conservation professionals work to ensure that relevant and reliable science is driving important conservation action.The School of Information is UC Berkeleys newest professional school.
Based in UC Berkeleys historic South Hall, roughly 150 graduate students and 18 faculty members form a small, multi-disciplinary collective of scholars and practitioners.
Our MIMS program trains students for careers as information professionals and emphasizes small classes and project-based learning.Established in 1990, IIT Campus is the pioneer in offering British degrees in Sri Lanka.
Offering programmes in IT and Business from Foundation, Undergraduate to Postgraduate Degrees, over the years more than 3000 graduates have passed out and are employed in prestigious positions in the Local and the Global industry.
Informatics Institute of Technology popularly known as IIT Campus is a member of Informatics Group, Sri Lanka.Predictive Science provides big data solutions to Fortune 1000 marketers most pressing challenges.
Understanding your audience multi-dimensionally via behaviors, influencers, experiences, and interests allows you to chose the most appropriate messaging, programs, offers, and channels through which to engage with them.
Many of the largest companies in the United States have derived meaningful financial value from the Predictive Science range of solutions.Sentiance is a data science company turning IOT sensor data into rich insights about peoples behavior and real-time context.
The Sentiance SaaS platform collects sensor data from smartphones and IOT devices to interpret situational context in real-time and understand user activities and whereabouts.This data is aggregated to create rich behavioral profiles and support predictive capabilities.Founded in 2002, Integral has a proven track record of developing innovative and cost-effective solutions to the complex technical challenges facing our clients.
We also support our clients in the areas of strategic planning, agency negotiations, technical peer review, and expert services for litigation.ListenLogic is a leading provider of unstructured and structured data analytics and insights serving the pharmaceutical, insurance, financial services, food, communications, consumer packaged goods and technology industries.
ListenLogic Analytics & Insights deliver real-time market and operational intelligence by analyzing all forms of unstructured data from social media, open-end surveys, call center notes and internal documents and the integration with structured transactional data.We transform relationships between brands and people.
Digital strategy
Digital brand transformation
Were proud to partner with brands loved around the world, including Sony, Sony Mobile, Royal Mail, Thomas Cook Money, F+F, Grnenthal, Air Tahiti Nui, Microsoft, IKEA, Stanley Black & Decker, Tourism Ireland, E.ON and Volkswagen.With a workforce presence in 16 major markets  including headquarters in Chicago and offices in Krakw and Manila  Strike Social was recently named the No. 17 fastest-growing private company in the U.S. by Inc. Magazine.
 2016 Moxie Award: Best B2B Startup in ChicagoDriven by science and data, Qstream is used daily by top companies in life sciences, technology and financial services to optimize sales team performance at scale  with impact to the bottom line.We build Great Products.
Founded by Silicon Valley veterans who are senior entrepreneurs themselves with a track record of building complex products.
Key strengths are Product Engineering, High end Technology, Scalable systems and Strong Agile Process.
Technology stack: Java, J2EE, Ruby, Rails, Node.js, MongoDB, BigData.With over 180 consultants located in Sydney, Melbourne,Delhi,Manila, Jakarta and Singapore,BCS offers a team of experts who are able to provide unique cost saving solutions leveraging onshore, onsite and off shore capabilities.
Together with our close working relationship with partners such as Microsoft, Cloudera and SAS, we are able to offer services and solutions that give our customers a competitive edge.Ranked amongst the Top 100 Global Big Data Brands, Dataconomy Media is Europe's leading Media Portal focussed solely on Data Science .
Organizer of Europe's largest Big Data Events & Conferences, Dataconomy Media bridges the gap between Data Science and Business.
Please check out the following report: http://bit.ly/1T6gVM5AltX is the go-to intelligence platform for the hedge fund market.
AltX combines innovative science, technology, relational and behavioral data, with traditional financial analytics and regulatory data, to deliver superior manager and market insights and to help users make smarter investment decisions.Huntel Global, a subsidiary of Drake International, is a boutique recruitment firm, conceived and established to bring a new approach to an increasingly important niche area.
	Business Intelligence / Data-Warehousing
We leverage our in-depth knowledge of each practice area and apply a creative and dynamic approach to the recruitment process, resulting in a fitting solution for each candidate and each client.Our combined teams have been working together since early 2017  listening to our customers, collaborating with other industry leaders, and charting a course for truly disruptive innovation.
Headwave lets you visualize massive amounts of data and run incredibly complex computations -- all interactively.
Headwave is also an open platform where you can implement your own IP and build complete software solutions.Paragon 28 was established in 2010 as an orthopedic foot and ankle company.
Relentlessly working to advance the science behind foot and ankle surgery, Paragon 28 is passionate about and committed to:
leaders to develop bio-mechanically and clinically relevant surgical solutions.
to the foot and ankle market.We provide an end-to-end service to companies who aspire to become data-driven, enabling them to capture value from the huge amount of data available in todays digital world.Kira is powerful, award-winning software that excels at searching and analyzing contract text.
Kira offers pre-built, machine learning models covering due diligence, general commercial, corporate organization, real estate and compliance.
Kira can be deployed on virtual data rooms and other large repositories of contracts, creating summary analyses within minutes.In Bayes, we are experts in Modelling, Forecast and Optimization.
The detection of variables that affect the operation of each brand/market, modelling and forecast, and the optimization of inversions are key elements of Business Intelligence which Bayes provides to the clients.
- Client portfolio activation	From medical emergencies to happy events like weddings, InCreds consumer business focuses on providing unsecured personal loans that are both convenient to process as well as fairly priced.
In line with this belief, our home loans business focuses on a consumer segment that is not a priority for traditional lenders like most banks and housing finance companies.Srijan is a digital engineering company with more than 200 seasoned professionals onboard, helping enterprises and product companies adopt digital easily and effectively.
Srijan uses agile and lean processes to help enterprises devise and execute digital transformation strategies, build quick products to validate their ideas, streamline product marketing platforms, and adopt a holistic omnichannel strategy.We transform and regularize financial data into machine learning problems for our global community of data scientists.
The most accurate and original machine learning models from the worlds best data scientists are synthesized into a collective artificial intelligence that controls the capital in Numerais hedge fund.We have developed into a group consisting of many enterprises withthe following as core business: planning consultation, exploration and design, scientific research, test, quality management consulting and new materials, new technologies and new product development.All our staff are trained to be experts in their technical markets, understand local tax laws, become IOR accredited, trained to be LinkedIn Super-users and all can provide our customers with recruitment solutions covering Permanent, Contract, Fixed term and Retained hiring projects.QuantumBlack helps companies use data to drive decisions.
From aerospace to finance to Formula One, we help companies prototype, develop, and deploy bespoke data science and data visualisation solutions to make better decisions.
In todays competitive environment, organisations that respond faster to change, with better insight and greater precision, hold a sustainable advantage.Ysance is the provider of a pioneering people-based marketing platform and a builder of data-centric digital solutions.
Ysance is the provider of a people-based marketing platform, the emerging leader in Europe.
Ysance enables marketing teams to recognize and qualify an unprecedented share of their anonymous digital audience and engage them in meaningful personalized interactions, across all online advertising, web, mobile, in-store and email activation channels.Fetch's highly advanced Live Access service takes resource-intensive data acquisition off the hands of the enterprise, providing in return the meaningful, useful information that the enterprise needs to stay competitive.
Established in 1999, Fetchs founders developed the core artificial intelligence algorithms behind Live Access at the University of Southern California's Information Sciences Institute.Acquisio, a Web.com company, provides software that facilitates customer acquisition using ad platforms such as Google AdWords, Facebook Ads, and Bing Ads. Marketers of any size can benefit from Acquisios advanced data science tools to automate and optimize most of the processes involved in acquiring new customers online.Nuevora is a unique Big Data analytics solutions provider that helps leading organizations achieve positive, high-impact business outcomes through the delivery of continuous and context-sensitive predictive insights.
Nuevoras vision is to help shape the BPaaS market space and be a leader in delivery of cloud-based advanced business analytics apps for targeted business problems.BEM Systems is an employee-owned consulting, engineering, and information management firm providing comprehensive environmental services to federal, state, and local government agencies and commercial clients.
BEM has the unique ability to integrate its expertise in science and engineering with proprietary data management and visualization software systems, which are developed in-house to provide customized solutions for any environmental situation.Pharmalink provides Life Science corporations comprehensive sales and marketing solutions by leveraging the unprecedented access to thousands of healthcare professionals around the world by way of a sophisticated online collaborative platform channel: NetworksMD.
Leveraging new paradigms of Software as a Service (SAAS) and Cloud Computing, NetworksMD provides the tools and platform to connect healthcare professionals with information that is required to consistently deliver top-tier care.Since 2006 and with the help of 50+ software engineers and information technology experts, BADR delivers 
BADR specialized in accelerating the process of building an affordable coherent software team with the right skills, whether your company is a medium enterprise or a startup.Trax is the world leader in computer vision solutions for retail.
Trax offers best-in-class in-store execution tools, market measurement services and data science solutions that are fundamentally transforming how in-store retail data is being collected, viewed and analysed.Anchored by the urban markets of St. Petersburg and Clearwater, Pinellas County is home to the headquarters of three Fortune 500 companies: Jabil, Tech Data and Raymond James.
Pinellas County Economic Development (PCED) works with existing businesses to encourage expansion and seeks to attract new companies with high-wage careers to the community.From strategy to implementation to training, our science-first approach means we understand your unique market value at the deepest level.
At Enthought, we know how to extract business value from your data no matter the state or location - Big Data to Data Silos, no problem.By focusing solely on Big Data & Analytics, our consultants are genuine experts, meaning they not only fully understand the market, but have built solid relationships with the widest range of customers and specialists looking to progress their career.The National Snow and Ice Data Center (NSIDC) supports research into our world's frozen realms: the snow, ice, glaciers, frozen ground, and climate interactions that make up Earth's cryosphere.
NSIDC distributes more than 500 cryospheric data sets for researchers, from both satellite and ground observations.ETS Asset Management Factory.
ETS is a Factory.
That's challenging, which is why we need brilliant talent in Data Science, Machine Learning, cutting-edge technologies, communications, design, implementing financial products Your future colleagues have it.
We want you to think.
Here you'll find an international environment, family spirit and new challenges every day.We use this information to identify effective measures for restoring and managing rivers and their floodplains as functioning ecosystems within the context of current conditions and future climate change.
Our service areas include watershed assessment & planning, river restoration, environmental compliance, hydro project relicensing and license implementation, levees & floodplain protection, urban streams management and hydromodification, dam removal modeling and impact analysis, and GIS/data visualization.Mlardalen University and Science Park Vsters have experienced fantastic development, leading to growth for many small businesses and several new job opportunities.
New, renovated premises are continuously made available and more companies are presently establishing in Science Park Vsters.We pride ourselves in providing end to end services with complete commitment towards customer needs aspiring for 100% satisfaction and our involvement is guaranteed till the product is completely deployed and starts capturing real users.
We serve as an extended engineering team for our clients when getting involved in developing their products, deploying for live users and testing for quality.10x provides companies of all shapes and sizes access to the worlds best, fully vetted, freelance technologists who help them solve everything from the most mundane to the most critical tech obstacles.
10x has built up an impressive network of the world's top performers (eg, former Google and Apple engineers, CTOs, etc.) and big companies that use them are already singing their praises (eBay, Genentech, Berkeley, others).Through excellence in knowledge management, machine learning and bioinformatics, relentless pursuit for new drug, omics and clinical outcomes data, development of reliable in silico drug screening methods, novel validation approaches and strong international partnerships in personalized medicine we strive to find real working solutions to cure and prevent age-related diseases and aging itself.BioCatch is a cybersecurity company that delivers behavioral biometrics, analyzing human-device interactions to protect users and precious data.
With an unparalleled patent portfolio and deployments at major companies worldwide that cover tens of millions of users to date, BioCatch has established itself as the industry leader for behavioral biometrics. KMWorld Promise Award Finalist: 2006, 2007, 2009, 2010, 2015
 Business Solutions Magazine Top 10 of 2010, 2011: A2iA DocumentReader
 ECM Connection ACE Award Finalist: Imaging & Capture - A2iA DocumentReader: 2010
 ECM Connection ACE Award Finalist: Banking & Finance - A2iA CheckReader: 2008, 2009Since our launch in October 2014, Search Party has helped define a new way of recruiting across Australia, the UK and Canada.
Founded in Sydney, with offices in London and Toronto, Search Party also owns JobAdvisor, the employer review site empowering SMBs to grow their employer brand while helping job seekers find companies with the perfect cultural fit.Audience Partners is an Enterprise Advertising Management company that operates an addressable advertising platform leveraging data science, programmatic ad buying and unique first party data assets to target individuals across screens on PCs, mobile phones, tablets, and addressable TVs.
Audience Partners clients consist of Presidents, Senators, Members of Congress, Governors, powerful advocacy groups, U.S. Government agencies and a growing number of the nations largest hospitals, health insurers and universities.HSW is an integrated earth science and engineering firm providing proactive, innovative, and cost-effective solutions for Environmental, Water Resource, and Civil/Land Development projects.
This successful philosophy revolves around a project organizational structure that includes one of the firms principals to maintain strict quality assurance, effective communication, and senior leadership.Juice have a vertical market resource delivery team - Specialist areas include: Oil & Gas, Retail/FMCG, Investment/Financial Management, Transport to name a few.
Juice also cover leading biotech / pharmaceutical / clinical research organisations in the following areas:
Juice Resource Solutions offer regular salary surveys and market information surveys.The Floow is a leading telematics provider delivering innovative solutions to insurers, automotive manufacturers and fleet operators worldwide.
- Winner of the Best Telematics Based Product at the Digital Insurance and Technology AwardsWe use our inquisitive, insightful and creative nature to find and improve every aspect of your business that could be simply more effective through the smarter use of complex data, search and digital media.
Using forensic analysis we'll rigorously and methodically guide you on this journey figuring out where digital marketing can give you a competitive advantage.We help businesses achieve results faster through digital acceleration.
We help you develop future-proof strategies, help you innovate your proposition, optimise your performance across all channels and make sure you possess the digital capabilities to keep moving things forward.
We believe in a pragmatic, result-driven approach and working together to get things done.We have experience of, and focus on, the life science sector, biopharmaceuticals & the healthcare industry.
We provide biopharmaceutical experience, industrial knowledge, analytical services & solutions.
Our focus on inherent supply chain and manufacturing data provides an opportunity to develop insightful solutions around demand management, planning, manufacturing performance and distribution.It is designed and created to provide strategically pivotal services to businesses and industries around the world who need deal with new challenges and opportunities arising from the fast developing knowledge-based economy and globalization every day.
Besides the traditional strong suits in consulting services for Education, Science, and Technology, SSICI also presents a featured service for "Supply Chain Optimization Solutions" (SCOS) to global business community.The Department of Industrial and Systems Engineering (I&SE) was established in 1973 as Industrial Management Centre.
The department, for the last three decades, has been instrumental in imparting training and extending frontiers of knowledge in the field of Industrial Engineering and Management through its well established undergraduate, post graduate and research programs, sponsored projects and industrial consultancy work, short term courses and continuing education programs.OSA Hybrid Platform is the provider of AI-based proactive scalable service for the FMCG sector, ensuring on-shelf availability of goods in retail stores in the real-time and in optimum quantity.
OSA HP team consists of 45 full-time employees and a number of associates telecommuting, and boasts a unique set of competencies in the business domain, data science and IT.We specialize in the handling of active, semi-active and passive shipping systems ensuring stability regardless of the ambient temperature and use only the most advanced materials available with a full range of validated packaging options and temperature data loggers.
Every Medair shipment is individually handled, routed and monitored through to an exact timed delivery, virtually anywhere in the world.The Alward Institute for Collaborative Science is a 501(c)(3) non-profit economic research and education corporation with a mission to undertake cooperative big data analysis and teaching focused on problems in regional science.
1. Collaborate in research and teaching with colleagues in business, government and academia on challenging problems in regional science.We have profound experience in recipe development and production experience in formulated products, such as SC, CS, ME, WDG, DF, FS, OD.
MIO organize systematic supply chain network with many qualified suppliers so as to provide complete products portfolio, which highly meet our customer requirements for all kinds of agrochemical products.The company was founded in 2014 to explode and expand the potential of technology, new materials, cybersecurity, robotics, automation, data science, AI, R&D and advisory services in these areas; servicing the United States and Las Americas region with the ultimate goal of enabling the economic development, protection of natural resources and maximizing the profitability of businesses.At Advanced Metadata, we have a unique approach to how we harvest data using connectors to a clients existing applications, tools and data sets.
We use our Data Analytics approach and custom suite of tools to allow our clients to analyse and make informed business decisions based on their individual requirements.TruxApp is a technology enabled logistics startup, re-defining the road freight transport landscape.
It has an asset light, B2B model, which uses cutting-edge technology to aggregate demand & supply.
It operates a suite of apps that address the existing problems in the logistic space and makes it more automated and data driven.
Technology enabled Logistics and Supply ChainThis e-school and consultation firm showcases step-by-step guides to cleaning data and using it to determine best business practices.
Our clients learn how to use industry software to ease business decisions.
Data Certification
Data Training
Software Training
we can even serve as your business chief data analyst.InferSystems is a rapidly growing provider of automated predictive intelligence solutions, focused on the digital advertising market and particularly the real-time bidding space.
Based on proprietary, patent-pending, mathematical innovations, our flagship product, the Infer Engine, can be deployed behind a firewall in a client's data center or cloud, as a service, or on a desktop and deliver unique insights into behaviour and activities while protecting our clients data integrity.IQBlade is a B2B Intelligence Platform which helps clients thrive in today's ultra-competitive markets.
Using analytics and data science to process huge amounts of data, we are helping Tech Companies and Local Government to  map supply chains and get instant insight into the most effective routes to market.A WBE certified woman owned performance management and analytics consulting firm that works with Fortune 1000 businesses optimizing their performance to create competitive advantage through data driven insights and predictions.
Acumen Analytics has successfully helped enterprises and institutions leverage their information as a strategic asset to create competitive advantage since 2004.is emerging and fast growing company in Data Science, Analytics,Big Data, Cloud Computing, Artificial intelligence,and Internet of Things (IOT) arena.
Our vision to turn hidden raw data to solve basic life Challenges that will guide and shape our future by enabling us to make timely and reliable decisions for critical discoveries.
Big Data - By providing direction, leadership, and support to the agenda of the Fox School and the School of Tourism and Hospitality Management, the Office of Research, Doctoral Programs, and Strategic Initiatives promotes the research interests of faculty members, encourages PhD and DBA student research across multiple disciplines, and encourages application for sponsored projects and research.-Global Product Lifecycle Data Management (G-PLDM) Services 
ID Lifecycle Powered by Pragmatic Data is a robust Global Product Lifecycle Data Management (G-PLDM ) Solution.
Intelligent by design, ID is purposefully built for validation, versioning, and management of all types of data and formats (i.e. structured and unstructured) utilizing robust rules per internal business rules and international regulatory requirements.MRO, upgrade, modification and life cycle support for the complete value chain of aircraft, aircraft components, engines, missiles, helicopters and systems as well as software application, simulators and self-protection solutions are among our core competences.
Aerostructures, equipment, systems, aircraft and customs engineering.Nova Silva is a young company founded by a number of Management Information veterans with decades of experience in this field.
They do this by making Management Information available, accessible and actionable.
Our Management Dashboard on demand allows you to focus on growing and nurturing your business, while we will focus on making your Management Information available, accessible and actionable.Pyze lets brands and enterprises maximize user retention through AI based engagement and personalization across digital platforms.
The Pyze platform provides marketing and product teams with cross-platform user behavior analytics and automated segmentation to deliver hyper-relevant omnichannel campaigns and content personalization.BSA strives to develop sustainable relationships based on mutual trust, responsiveness and accountability.
In fact, we believe that one of our greatest assets is our ability to "deliver big" and "act small."LabAnswer is the leading and largest laboratory informatics consultancy; combining science, laboratory, regulatory and information technologies.
LabAnswer has architected, implemented, deployed and/or supported hundreds of major scientific informatics systems across more than a thousand laboratories.
We specialize in helping companies strategize, architect, implement and support scientific data management and laboratory automation projects.Industry leading companies like Box, Juniper Networks, Symantec, Palo Alto Networks, and Hewlett Packard Enterprise use Clari to drive forecast accuracy and show their sales teams where to focus to close more business, faster.
Powered by AI, the Clari platform gives execs confidence in the forecast, makes sales managers better coaches, and puts sales reps in position to crush their numbers every quarter.The company is primarily focused on information technology, engineering, healthcare, financial technology and contingent workforce solutions.
2015 Honoree of Diversity Focused Company by Corp!
2014  DiSciTech Award in Technology by Corp!
2014- DiSciTech TECHNOLOGY Company of the year by Corp!Areas of technology recruiting
Data Science & Analytics
	Machine Learning
	Advanced Analytics
	Data Engineering
	Deep Learning
Cloud Solutions & Infrastructure
	Cloud Computing
	Linux Administration
	Database Administration
Software Engineering & Digital Analytics
	Full Stack Development
	Mobile Development
	Application Development
	Contingent recruiting Cogito is helping the worlds most successful enterprises improve sales results, deliver amazing customer experiences, and enhance quality of care.
At Cogito, we are united through the common goals of producing innovative technology, driving customer success, and helping people live more productive lives.General Assembly is a pioneer in education and career transformation, specializing in todays most in-demand skills.
As the leading source for training, staffing, and career transitions, we foster a flourishing community of professionals pursuing careers they love.
What began as a co-working space in 2011 has since grown into a global learning experience with campuses in 20 cities and over 40,000 graduates worldwide.Were continuously focused on helping brands build stronger and deeper lasting relationships with their customers.
We use behavioral and data science to develop powerful insights that inform and inspire the stories we craft.
To learn more about our marriage of science and creativity,or just to connect with one of our super-talented Luckie humans, check us out at luckie.com.WHERE DATA EXPERTISE MEETS CLINICAL EXCELLENCE
As a global CRO, CROS NT empowers clinical trial outcomes with data-driven services and solutions.
From feasibility to clinical study reporting, CROS NT's services cover regulatory consultancy, biometrics and data science (data management, biostatistics programming & analysis), pharmacovigilance and medical writing.Bracket eCOA is a flexible platform for electronic clinical outcomes assessments.
Bracket RTSM is a best-in-breed, scalable and configurable clinical IRT solution for the life sciences industry.
Bracket SmartSupplies is a proven platform for improving a clinical supply chain.
Bracket Rater Training and Quality Assurance improve outcomes through customized training and quality assurance programs.Our growth is based on these long term customer relationships and the customers who, over our 28 years in business, continue to ask us to extend their relationships to tackle more of their marketing challenges.
We use every marketing tool.
Today we are a full-service marketing provider with 22 offices and over 300 employees.We engage data science and social sector experts on projects addressing critical humanitarian problems and lead the conversation about how data science can be applied to solve the worlds biggest challenges.
Launched in 2011, DataKind is headquartered in New York City and has Chapters in Bangalore, San Francisco, Singapore, the UK and Washington DC.Business & Decision, a global consulting and systems integration (CSI) Group, is a leader in Business Intelligence (BI) and CRM, and a major player in e-Business.
We leverage a unique combination of technical, functional and industry specialization, as well as partnerships with all of the key software vendors, to deliver maximum-value projects and help clients break through barriers to innovation such as Big Data and digital transformation.Management Solutions is a leading provider of business consulting services.
We conduct projects on strategy, organization, operational efficiency and processes, risk management and control, and related technology, mainly in the financial services, energy and telecommunications industries.Get the latest articles and analyses from all around the world.
	Access to the latest daily content from our Gurus across the breadth of BBN Times including regular updates
	Get the news and analyses that interest you  like finance, companies, science, technology, environment and moreNAKAMA provides permanent, temporary and contract recruitment services to corporations, creative agencies, SMEs AND start-ups in need of digital talent.
We connect candidates with employers across a raft of digital, technology and creative opportunities.
CLIENT SERVICES - DATA & ANALYTICS - DIGITAL INNOVATION & TRANSFORMATION - TECHNOLOGY & DESIGNBy leveraging our world-class infrastructure and local and global ecosystem of partners across a multitude of industries, we create groundbreaking innovation in application domains such as healthcare, smart cities and mobility, logistics and manufacturing, and energy.
By leveraging our world-class infrastructure and local and global ecosystem of diverse expert partners across a multitude of industries, we accelerate progress towards a connected, sustainable future.VODW is a strategic marketing consultancy firm.
With 100+ employees, consultants and interim marketing professionals, VODW occupies a leading international position in marketing.
We work with clients to address the issues relating to their market strategy, helping them to implement solutions and performing marketing management functions on an interim or project basis.- CIO Review: CBIG among the Top 20 Most Promising Data Analytics Solution Providers
- ALM Intelligence: CBIG one of the Top Data Management Companies
- The Silicon Review: CBIG one of the Top 10 Fastest Growing Data Analytics Companies
- CIO Review: CBIG one of the 100 Most Promising Big Data CompaniesThe unique capabilities of this new facility will both greatly exceed and complement those of today's leading neutron sources, enabling new opportunities for researchers across the spectrum of scientific discovery, including life sciences, energy, environmental technology, cultural heritage and fundamental physics.
The European Spallation Source is one of the largest science and technology infrastructure projects being built today.We are Saragossa.
Providers of talent to the Financial Technology, Financial Operations and Data Science sectors.
Our role is to match clients with high calibre candidates, our work encompasses filling temporary contracts along with building permanent teams and resourcing projects.tringapps, Inc. started as a mobile first, cloud first full stack turnkey software design and development company.
Unlike other consulting firms, tringapps has developed numerous point solutions across verticals that help the company design and develop high quality scalable consumer and enterprise solutions rapidly.Follow us for regular updates on job-skills, career development, interview tips, free webinars and more.
We strive to provide the best training in the Industry for IT skills.
Our aim is to bring world class faculty and an intense, comprehensive and detailed content together, to provide the best quality training for job relevant courses.At HSC we share a talent for translating scientific promise into clinical reality and accelerating product adoption.
Whether we are working on a new product, a cool device, a franchise to build, or refocusing and refreshing an established brand, our team will uncover the medical differentiation that matters.Effectory - Leading in employee feedback
By involving them in the organisation during their whole career, they will experience more job satisfaction and will perform better  which, in turn, will make the organisation more innovative, mobile, and customer-focused.HopHR is a talent matching platform, connecting outstanding Data Scientists, Machine Learning Engineers, and Big Data Experts with top tech companies.
Our partner companies receive a list of vetted and well-matched fresh candidates every week.
Complete your online profile with us and top companies will start reaching out with interview requests and job offers.With offices in Dallas/Fort Worth, Texas, Atlanta, Georgia, and Washington, DC, 2M Research Services, LLC (2M) is a fast growing small business professional services firm that provides governmental organizations, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, healthcare organizations, and individual study investigators with a full range of first-class social science research, clinical research, public health research, program evaluation, survey research and statistical consulting services.By merging our cross-functional expertise with our writing and operations experience, we deliver documents that not only support clients strategic messaging, but also enhance their marketability.
Synchrogenix provides clients with objective, professional document review services.
Our team includes industry experts, medical doctors, and clinicians who provide our clients with objective content review.PointCross Inc., founded in 2007 out of Foster City, CA, is a software company built to provide the life science industry solutions in big data analytics, management, and visualization.
Our offerings reduce risks, improve data quality, shorten time to market, and generate better insights from R&D and regulatory data.
Fo more information, please visit pointcrosslifesciences.com.QuanticMind, the Platform for Smarter Advertising, is the pioneer of predictive advertising management software for paid search and social channels.
By reinventing ad management point solutions through machine learning, distributed cloud computing, and in-memory processing, QuanticMind delivers the most intelligent, scalable, and fastest platform for maximizing advertising performance for enterprises.Founded in 2011, ChannelEyes is a global software company that is reinventing how vendors drive channel partner sales and loyalty.
ChannelEyes has received numerous accolades for its technology including being named a Cool Vendor by Gartner and one of the fastest growing companies in New Yorks Capital Region by the Business Review.
Learn more at: http://channeleyes.com/Customers receive the most benefit when we are able to support them with a technology hive of people who focus on the customer's destination, deliver our 3 Us (software that is usable, useful and used), and employ our proven methodology honed since 2003 called Glassbox that provides the structure needed to be flexible to changing conditions.Foodpairing is a market research automation company identifying the successful flavors of tomorrow.
Ours is a unique approach to foodtech, that utilizes chemistry, physics and data sciences as a launching pad for the future of food.We are a global retained executive search firm with one objective in mind  to ensure a lasting fit between our clients and our placed candidates.
We ensure a lasting fit by arming our experienced search consultants around the world with state-of-the-art, cloud based mobile tools.We, as a general trading company, source and service both overseas and domestic customers.
The company maintains a large in house data which enables us to quickly source commodities and materials and makes prompt and competitive quotations for any customer requirement with the manufacturers information and specification.Imagine the equivalent of web analytics for physical retail.
Founded in the labs of MIT, Path Intelligences unique, award-winning location analytics technology has created a new category of insight for shopping centre operators.
Its about measuring billions of shopper movements in hundreds of locations around the world.
Adding unique third-party data.BioElectron is focused on the role of electrons in biology.
This knowledge enables us to solve important problems that are beyond the reach of current approaches and tools.
We have devised new tools and new approaches to solving complex problems in biology which comprise our Platform.As Big Data technology is fast evolving, significant impediments still exist for an Enterprise to transform into a Data-driven business.
We have an enviable team of diverse talents with proven ability to transform cutting-edge ideas in Big Data, Machine Learning, Text Mining, Semantic Analysis, and Predictive Science into innovative products and solutions for todays Data Driven Enterprise.Maruta Wachta law firm provides legal services dedicated to Information Technology sector.
With more than twenty years of experience, which includes advising the biggest international vendors, and the biggest Polish firms from a number of industry and service sectors, the firm gathered a unique know-how, which places Maruta Wachta in a position to provide excellent legal advice in all the matters related to software and new technologies.It is a mix between experienced aviation & travel industry expertsthe executive team boasts over 180 years of collective industry expertise, experience and unrivaled commercial achievementand smart, agile data scientists, software developers and digital marketing specialists coming from pioneering companies in the digital industry.KenSci's Machine Learning Platform and Predictive Analytics Apps answer the hard questions about 'Who might get sick?', "What can we do about it?' and 'How can we serve them better across the continuum of care?'.
We are a team of Doctors, Data Scientists and Developers are focused on building the first vertically integrated Machine Learning Platform for Healthcare.TixTrack provides software as a service that helps venues, promoters and teams optimize their ticket sales.
Founded in Los Angeles in 2009, TixTrack was created to bring a new brand of rigorous thinking and science to the business of live entertainment ticketing.At the 2012 Cloud Gaming West conference, CiiNOW formally announced its industry-altering, hybrid-streaming platform, and has been building momentum with service providers and game developers ever since.
We are building the worlds best development team and are currently looking for engineers who are not only exceptional in their field, but who believe their efforts can make a powerful difference in how people enjoy streamed video games across all devices.Obtaining insights from data is key to our clients and making sure that discovery stays embedded in their business, not ours, is key to our analytics capability.
To help ensure your paid digital and TV advertising reach the right people, i360 combines our data and technology and partners with major providers to reach audiences across different screens and mediums.We are RocketROI and we optimize Google Adwords, Bing Ads, Amazon Advertising & Facebook Ads through Science & Technology for top advertisers with high performance ROI requirements.
Launched June 1st 2014, today we are a fast-growing company delivering high-performance paid media optimization worldwide.As a top-rated Google Partner, we take our technology seriously.
Every data point is an opportunity to roll up our sleeves, analyze, and inform stronger decisions for your brand through cutting edge solutioning and envelope pushing data science within the Google Digital Marketing stack.
Through proven technology and rigorous analytics, we transform your information into a marketing strategy that works for you.  Behavioral Consulting: Using behavioral science models to predict and understand customer experiences and the levers that drive action
  Customer Insights and Analytics: Mapping real-world disconnects and opportunities by layering traditional market research with our proprietary data and mobile-response survey platforms 
  Insight Mining and Stealth Market Research DesignOur learning optimization platform, fast-start content library and professional services enable institutions to rapidly author, deliver, evaluate and continuously improve outcomes-based learning experiences that adapt to the needs of each learner.
Insights generated from student learning data provide educators and student support teams with detailed information about which learners need help and with what, leading to improved student engagement and academic achievement.We take the unstructured and misleading data that exists all around sports and mine it for unprecedented insight that allows us to predict player and team performance better than any competitor.
The next step of process involves using the power of predictive and regressive modeling to more accurately project future performance.At Landtern our goal is to help you invest in value homes, situated in the right locality so you can meet your investment objective.
Landtern was established with one singular goal in mind  to provide investors, like you, with a trusted and simple way of investing in real estate.We believe that accelerated growth happens when you incorporate engaging experiences, purposeful content and optimised performance with an integrated sales and marketing strategy.
Developed by the UKs leading venture builder, Blenheim Chalcot, we help to grow businesses by providing excellence in Strategy, Experience, Development, Content, Social Media, Performance and Sales.Each individuals decisions and motivations are affected by both external and internal emotion triggers.
Humanalytics meld together hard data with the fluctuating cycles of human emotion.
Putting your customer at the center of everything we do is important to making real human connections.
Walking in your customers shoes lets us see what emotions are driving their decisions.With over 40 years experience in the field of laboratory management, TECHNIDATA is a leading global informatics solution provider for clinical, anatomic-pathology laboratories and biobanks.
Developed in full compliance with the ISO 9001/ISO 13485 quality standards, TECHNIDATA software products are distributed worldwide, and cover all the clinical laboratory disciplines: Biochemistry, Hematology, Immunology, Serology, Virology, Microbiology, Blood Banking, Histology/Cytology, Genetics, and Biobanking...Retail business owners, operators, and on premise managers are the primary users of Sales Temperature forecasts.
With instant access to an accurate forecast, Sales Temperature users can save time on the burdensome task of employee scheduling and manage their labor costs with more confidence.eShopbox is an on-demand technology and services company on a mission to drive e-commerce for  brands and help them provides a unique, brand-centric experience to their customers.
 eShopbox won E-retail Solution Provider of The Year Award at the Indian Retail Congress 2016.We work close with our clients paying attention to detail, and are dedicated to elevating the art and science of AR content modeling.
Develop your brand image with a unique professional logo design built from the ground up.With offices in Boston, Austin, Tel Aviv, and London, BioData creates digital tools for increasing the productivity of academic and industry laboratories.
Its flagship product, Labguru, is currently used by thousands of researchers in hundreds of labs worldwide.
Labguru is powerful research documentation software trusted by thousands of researchers at major pharmaceutical companies and academic labs.Carrying forward the Manipal legacy of over six decades in education, Manipal ProLearn helps working professionals and students enhance their skills and fast-track their careers.
With 100+ professionally certified courses in sought-after fields like Data Sciences, Information Technology, Finance, and Digital Marketing, Manipal ProLearn continues its reign as one of leading corporate training providers in India.Powered by TEMPO, our proprietary eClinical platform, our team of experts bring extensive therapeutic knowledge and insight into assisting life science, biotechnology and medical device firms in developing and executing regulatory strategies, clinical development, and post-approval research to drug and medical device trials.
 The combined company has supported more than 3,000 clinical research studies and more than 300 regulatory and strategic development projects.As we are able to offer onsite and offsite analytical consultancy and delivery we are fully flexible to respond to our clients needs.
Aquilas recruitment process reflects our culture, our staff must be analytical, pragmatic, creative, and need to be able to translate data into business opportunities.We provide a range of IT Services: Software Engineering / Application Development, Resourcing, Consultancy, Managed Projects, Application &  Infrastructure support, specialist Business Services in the areas of Life Science and Cash Management.
Lifecycle Services: providing Project Managers, Business Analysts & Testing specialists to clients supporting the demands of project deadlines.The company has offices in London, New York and Singapore and employs industry leaders in compliance and regulation, sales and customer success, software and data science.
The ever increasing demand for People Analytics means we are expanding in existing markets, entering new markets and recruiting at all levels.Scube was established in May 2004, and since then has a long tradition of excellence in providing the most advanced and comprehensive scientific software available today.
Scube is committed to the highest standards of science, and assists computational chemists, medicinal chemists, biologists, Statisticians, Scientists and researchers in their quest for scientific excellence.- Applications development
- Big data analytics 
- full cycle software development providing custom solutions under one roof
- expertise: deep understanding of advanced topics in our expert domains
- Data Science: Deep Learning, Fraud detection, Predictive analysis, Time series analysis,  Segmentation and Anomaly detection etc.ELIXIR, the ESFRI Research Infrastructure for biological data, bring together Europe's major life-sciece data archive and, for the first time connects these with national bioinformatics infrastructures and resources through-out ELIXIR member states.
By coordinating local, national, and international resources, ELIXIR will meet the data-related needs of Europe's 500,000 life-scientists.Fluid Imaging Technologies, Inc. manufactures the FlowCam, a continuous-imaging particle analysis instrument that combines the capabilities of flow cytometry with microscopy.
Intuitive VisualSpreadsheet software facilitates rapid analysis of particle data and sophisticated pattern recognition operations for particle identification, enabling automated characterization of different particle types in a heterogeneous sample.In the last 20 years, we have worked successfully with hundreds of clients on over 600 large projects throughout the world in the following industries: financial services, insurance, hospitality, retail, telecommunications, health, consumer goods, media, energy and government.
We build the technology solutions needed to address those insights.Our vision is to effectively personalise education
We are an extremely passionate team of engineers, educators, and designers  making consistent strides
examinations, olympiads, and scholarship tests.
medical entrance tests as competitive as JEE and NEET.
1. IAMAI India digital awards for educational website
2. Amazon mobility awards for emerging startup in educationDigital media today operates as stock markets, so, balance is key between creativity and data, what people call today Science + Arts.
Some of our innovation includes: Full Screen Interactive Rich Media (2000); Internet + TV study with Ibope/Nielsen (03), Engagement Metrics Report (05); Real-Time Analytic's deploy (07); BT+Retargeting (08); Attribution Channel reporting (09), Mobile Measurement (10), SSP's (13) and a 1st party Data Hub in the market, Tealium, in 2016.- Business Management / Asian Markets 
- Business Management / Food & Wine 
- Executive Master in Digital Business (in English)
- Executive Master in Sales & Marketing
- Executive Master in Technology & Innovation Management
- Master in Digital Marketing for Tourism and Events ManagementSidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) is the most compelling A.I. Software Company shaping the future of Customer Engagement and empowering Marketing, Sales and Finance people to grow sales and accelerate cash.
Seamlessly integrated with existing CRM and ERP, Sidetrade leverages Artificial Intelligence to disclose untapped new business opportunities, increase upsell, reduce churn, predict customer payments and accelerate cash flow generation.Microbac is a premier testing company that partners with clients to help them understand the quality, safety and performance of their products and operations.
We collaborate with our clients to understand their performance objectives and offer tools, services and solutions to help meet those objectives.Be it constant reminders, relentless masters or 24 x 7 online support - we will absolutely make sure that you run out of excuses to not complete the course!
We are a family of fun and ambitious people with a desire to impart education, to stay committed to the core vision of Edureka.Our vision at the Food Safety Authority Ireland (FSAI) is safe and trustworthy food for everyone and our mission is protecting consumers by leading a collaborative food safety community to continuously raise food standards and create a culture of excellence.After acquiring Rumblefish and the Harry Fox Agency, SESAC became the only Music Rights Organization in the United States, serving both music users and creators with music licensing services that utilize sophisticated information technology and data science in order to provide timely, efficient royalty collection and distribution.The International Institute of Information Technology Bangalore, a Deemed University, popularly known as IIIT-B, was established in 1999 with a vision to contribute to the IT world by focusing on education and research, entrepreneurship and innovation.
Since its inception, IIIT-B, with its unique model of education, research, and industry interaction, has grown in stature to become an institution of considerable repute in academic as well as corporate circles.Our passion for the sectors we work in goes beyond 9 to 5, ensuring our expert consultants have unrivalled industry connections and can respond quickly to our Clients long and short-term recruitment challenges with insight, support and tailored advice.W3R Consulting is a Southfield, Michigan based staffing and consulting firm that provides talent, technology consulting and advanced analytics solutions to Fortune 500 companies in the automotive, financial, healthcare, insurance, professional and business services, and retail industries.
inner of numerous customer and industry awards, this year W3R celebrates 22 years of innovation, exceptional customer service and community engagement.Thanks to a collaborative and team-based user interface for data scientists and beginner analysts, to a unified framework for both development and deployment of data projects, and to immediate access to all the features and tools required to design data products from scratch, customers such as AXA, LOreal, Bechtel, Webbmason, Urban Insights, and many more easily apply machine learning and data science techniques to all types, sizes, and formats of raw data to build and deploy predictive data flows.DRI is the environmental research arm of the Nevada System of Higher Education.
DRI conducts cutting-edge applied research in air, land and life, and water quality across Nevada, the United States and on every continent.
This blend of academic rigor and private-sector pragmatism has earned DRI a reputation for delivering rapid, high quality environmental science in a businesslike fashion.DataFox helps industry-leading businesses gain control of customer insights with CRM Orchestration.
DataFox's machine learning and natural language processing algorithms structure data on millions of businesses and deliver reliable insights into the workflows where they're most needed.Achieve the remarkable.
genius:group is Los Angeles-based innovation hub with a mission to build and assist extraordinary companies.
We contribute know-how, strategy, research, tools, and capital to launch and grow businesses in the following areas:
Business services
Supply chain services and platforms
Smart applications and devices
Applied data science
Risk management	Marketing  including strategy, product management and insights
	IT, Engineering & Operations  including software, data science, design, manufacturing, program management and supply chain
Their expertise, accountability and ability to connect with whats important to people adds value to your search process, your business, and your team.Our mission is to provide customers solutions/product in the sphere of Data Governence, Business process Reengineering, Data warehousing and Business Intelligence, Business Analytics, Mobile Computing, Cloud ccomputing at the minimum TCO and maximum ROI.
We have the experience in developing projects based on Open Source Software.
Our product/services are unique and are based on proven Open Source Software and commercial software.We are a Data & Analytics firm based out of Bangalore started our operation in 2017 with one of the fortune 500 companies.
We positioned ourselves as analytics consultants rather than just providing data, reports & dashboards.Techniqpeople attracts the highly educated technical talents for the Dutch industry and gives them the opportunity to present themselves to the companies that are successful at R&D and science, engineering, IT & software development, manufacturing and supply chain & operations fields .We have spent a couple decades understanding data technologies and investment banking.
We have built multiple award winning data analytics solutions.
A micro-service based platform that provides continuous and non-invasive data collection, storage and near real-time, efficient and fast query capability.
We offer a Software-As-A-Service product to provide data analytics and insights.Clarke Analytics is a specialized consulting company helping clients make more data driven business decisions through the use of data analytics
The company uses a low risk, low cost business driven agile methodology to enable the internal and external collaborations required to be successful
Specific industries of excellence are smart manufacturing, supply chain and healthcareAlphinite Analytics leverages data science to transform your historical data into effective business strategies to enable smarter and faster decisions.
We employ our distinctive thinking and strong knowledge base  to break out of conventional 'all-inclusive' approach and attempt to derive a business solution which best suits to your organization.Before the days of eBay, Amazon and Google, commercial enterprise was strictly prohibited on the Internet.
We did not invent the concept of delivering enterprise software over the Internet, but we have spent over a decade perfecting it through more than a dozen government research grants.Supply Chain
- Supply chain training games
- Forecasting games and practical workshops
- Development and delivery of hands-on maths and science activities
IT Training (Data integration, Supply chain, SAP)
- Contract training for delivery of existing in-house courses
- New course developmentLearn Valley Ltd. is a leading European company, providing learning and knowledge management solutions.
Based in Sofia, Bulgaria and with partners across the globe, Learn Valley Ltd. delivers world-class education services to help tackle today's and tomorrow's work challenges.
We focus on assessing private and organizational learning needs and objectives, and delivering world-class learning services and consulting.- Interim Operations Management (production and supply chain) at one of their offices/plants in Lima, Peru
- Development and implementation of Strategy and Marketing, working closely with the Managing Director
 Performance Improvement consultancy work for a multinational provider of electrical/electronic equipment at their office in Lima, PeruInvestor due diligence for clean technology, social ventures, and sustainable sourcing businesses.
Results-Based Management and supply chain sustainability consulting experience, in cocoa, palm oil, forestry, clean technology, and global conservation measures initiatives.
Software business requirements, systems architecture, and data governance planning for web-based software and performance measurement information systems.Grectronics Corporation, registered as GTE, is an ASIC and SOC fabless Semiconductor Company specializing in Microcontrollers and Power Management integrated circuits designs for green technologies.
Grectronics Corporation is an ASIC and SOC fabless Semiconductor Company specializing in Microcontrollers and Power Management integrated circuits (IC) designs for green technologies.Blue Ltd is an aquatic management consulting practice.
We work across the wet environment in science, in business, in policy and above all with people.
From initial thinking; to planning and inception, supply chain, financing and risk; through data gathering, analysis and consultation to results, project close and knowledge transfer.
We know about people, water, biodiversity, flooding and climate change.Analytics Central was founded in 2014.
It is a co-operative partnership between several leading analysts aiming to build innovative solutions to complex problems.
With experience across several fields, including utilities, oil and gas, finance and supply chain, Analytics Central is here to help businesses tackle its most complex business problems.We are a UK and International recruitment consultancy offering unique services to our clients across 
We ensure that both our clients and candidates benefit from our service by helping to create high performance teams with excellent career prospectsWe combine deep analytics and data science skills with years of business experience and domain expertise to deliver high-quality customized services and solutions for our clients.
Utilizing an analytical, data-driven approach, we advise companies of all sizes on issues of strategic importance in todays increasingly complex and information-rich business environment.HehGo Solutions is a data science and business analytics company.
We build data driven analytical and predictive solutions for marketing, sales, supply chain, finance and other organizations.
Our clients invite us to write statistical/analytical models and get complete and ready-to-go solutions for their businesses.Rounding out the Ertek Projects online experience are Open Decisions, sharing open source software projects of Dr. Ertek and colleagues, a link to a website dedicated to research and data on wind turbine accidents and links to blogs in the Turkish language that focus on data science, international education and living as an expat, and motivating university students.CHILCAR brand was registered in 2015 in China and the United States simultaneously by the Shenzhen Chenghesheng Science and Technology Co., Ltd. In 2016 in the United States and the Chinese market simultaneously launched mobile phone data line products.We believe in delivering top-notch quality services to our clients including content transformation services and end-to-end content management services, e-Publishing, data conversion, high quality digital typesetting etc.
We believe in working with the publishers that helps us to create and deliver innovative content to the readers as per their needs, while offering agility and new digital products to the publishers with ease.Annual 2018 TEXATA Big Data Analytics World Championships for Business and Enterprise.
This global event is a fun, innovative and challenging business educational competition for students and professionals to develop and test their Big Data Analytics and Machine Learning skills against their friends, colleagues and top big data experts from around the world.Averity is a team-based technology recruiting firm in New York City.
Averity  began out of the desire to create a different recruitment firm in New York City that not only provides the highest level of service to its clients and candidates, but also creates a positive team-oriented work environment where together everyone achieves more.Westat, demonstrating technical and managerial excellence since 1963, is recognized as one of the foremost research, statistical survey, and communications organizations in the United States.
Additional staff are located at Westats data collection survey processing facilities, at our Telephone Research Center facilities, and throughout our nationwide field operations.DataRobot powers the AI-driven enterprise.
The DataRobot platform evaluates hundreds of cutting-edge machine learning algorithms to discover, deploy, and customize the best predictive models for every situation.
DataRobot delivers the most accurate predictions at scale, providing the fastest path to data science success for organizations of all sizes.Zeta Global is a data-driven technology company that acquires and retains customers through the power of people-based, precision marketing.
Our SaaS-based Zeta hub helps 500+ Fortune 1000 and Middle Market brands acquire, retain and grow customer relationships through actionable data, advanced analytics, and machine learning.Think Big Analytics, A Teradata Company, is a global business analytics consultancy.
Teradata empowers companies to achieve high-impact business outcomes.
With a portfolio of business analytics solutions, architecture consulting, and industry-leading big data and analytics technology, Teradata unleashes the potential of great companies.
Visit thinkbiganalytics.com.Tiger Analytics is an advanced analytics consulting firm enabling enterprises to generate business value through data.
We bring deep expertise in marketing science, customer analytics, and operations & planning analytics.
1) Deloitte - Among 20 fastest growing tech companies in India in 2016 and 2017.Jobspring Partners, part of the Motion Recruitment network, provides IT Staffing Solutions (Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Direct Hire) across North America to include major markets: Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Washington DC, Chicago, San Francisco, Silicon Valley, Los Angeles, Orange County, and Toronto.
Jobspring Partners offers their deep expertise in the highest demand tech skill sets, such as UI/UX, Open Source, Mobile, Microsoft Development, Data Science, AI, DevOps/Infrastructure, and Network Security.Workbridge Associates, part of the Motion Recruitment network, provides IT Staffing Solutions (Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Direct Hire) across North America to include major markets: Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Washington DC, Chicago, Dallas, San Francisco, Silicon Valley, Los Angeles, Orange County, and Toronto.
Workbridge Associates offers their deep expertise in the highest demand tech skill sets, such as UI/UX, Open Source, Mobile, Microsoft Development, Data Science, AI, DevOps/Infrastructure, and Network Security.Verisk (Nasdaq:VRSK) is a leading data analytics company serving customers in insurance, financial services, and natural resources.
Our 6,000+ employees have built Verisk into a trusted global data powerhouse by contributing their expertise in statistical modeling, data science, actuarial science, chemistry, physics, engineering, economics, predictive analytics, and more.GRAIL is a life sciences company whose mission is to detect cancer early, when it can be cured.
GRAIL is using the power of high-intensity sequencing, population-scale clinical trials, and state of the art Computer Science and Data Science to enhance the scientific understanding of cancer biology and develop blood tests for early-stage cancer detection.Global practices include Strategy & Advisory, Data & Analytics, and Business Applications Managed Services.
Specialized services include business focused Hadoop-based Data Management and Advanced Analytics solutions within the Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare, Retail, Entertainment & Hospitality, Manufacturing, and Energy & Utilities industry domains.Greenplum Database is an advanced, fully featured, open source data warehouse.
Uniquely geared toward big data analytics, Greenplum Database is powered by the worlds most advanced cost-based query optimizer delivering high analytical query performance on large data volumes.
For the Greenplum Database community no contribution is too small, we encourage all types of contributions.As Stanford employees, SLAC staff members have the opportunity to partner with other world-class talent at one of the worlds best universities and can also take advantage of the many educational and social opportunities that Stanford offers.Global Science & Technologys major clients include NASA Goddard Space Flight Center(GSFC), NASA Headquarters, NOAA, Department of Defense (DoD), Department of Justice (DOJ), and the State of West Virginia.
Much of Global Science & Technologys work has been in direct support of NASA and NOAA science missions and related data systems.AdTheorents Data Science team leverages an award winning machine learning platform connected to a Cross-Environment Map consisting of 600MM devices across 90MM US households.
AdTheorents Studio A\T creative organization helps advertisers develop the most effective creative assets, content and technology solutions to engage with audiences.ERGO is a market leader in data-driven, hyper personalized, adaptive algorithmic email journey design and deployment.
Its a mouthful, but very cool stuff that is driving enormous returns for our blue chip clients.Sparity is a leading technology company that provides Global Software Consulting Services and Delivery Management Solutions.
Established in 2010 with a goal to become a global innovation & Development partner, Sparity works with Startups, ISVs, Small & Medium Businesses that are driven by mobility & analytics.This consumer intelligence helps deliver a better experience  and service to consumers and improves marketing performance.
We have developed, and are responsible for, one of the most powerful, large-scale consumer data sets in the World, combining detailed consumer cross-platform viewing behaviours with transactions, interactions, profiles, needs, attitudes and preferences across a wide breadth of UK and ROI households.We are now recognised as one of Europe's leading Data Science, Big Data, Analytics and Technology Recruitment and 'People Solutions' businesses.
As a result of knowing our market and being niche specialists we have an exceptional track record and have placed thousands of analytical, technology and big data professionals into some of the most profitable, innovative and fastest growing, data enabled businesses in the UK, Europe and beyond.Formed in 2006, the eClinical Solutions team has many years of experience working in the life sciences industry dedicated to clinical data management and programming.
The organization was formed to address specific needs that our Leadership team identified through their first hand experiences, specifically to provide unique and high quality solutions for efficient collection, standardization, reporting and role based utilization of clinical research data.Since inception in 2005, BioBridges has successfully supported hundreds of programs for emerging and established companies.
Watch our animated video: http://biobridges.com/how-it-works
Think BioBridges might be the right company to advocate for your career or support your programs?
Visit us: http://biobridges.comEURECOM is particularly active in research in its areas of excellence while also training a large number of doctoral candidates.
Based on the close ties it has developed with industry, EURECOM can direct an essential part of its research activities towards areas of interest for its industrial partners.Our mobile platform enables our partners to optimally leverage their existing clinical resources to provide patients with ongoing guidance and support when and where they need it.
We work hand-in-hand with our partners, taking a data-driven approach to evaluating performance and optimizing resource allocation for continuous improvement.Accern alerts you on actionable stories about U.S. public companies.
By using this systematic approach, Accern is able to provide users with quick delivery of actionable stories before they are exposed to the mass media.Lingaro is an Agile BI and Analytics Company.
We help companies gain a competitive advantage through faster, better and smarter BI and Analytics solutions
Over the years Lingaro has received numerous awards.
We hold especially dearly the P&G External Business Partner Excellence Award we received in 2014.Provata Health is a digital health company pioneering digital preventive medicine through the delivery of clinically proven health promotion programs to employers, health plans, and hospital systems.
Forbes dubbed Provata as the startup leading the digital health revolution; while other media outlets including Inc., Entrepreneur, the Huffington Post, and Geekwire have celebrated Provatas impact on the digital health landscape.9Lenses is a digital diagnostic platform that allows consultants to thrive in a data-driven market.
9Lenses is the only diagnostic platform that digitally automates the development, collection, organization, connection, and analytics, of the consulting process.
By transforming business diagnostics to the 9Lenses digital platform, consultants deliver more value for clients and win more business.CGS Technology Associates, Inc. is an Information Technology Services company headquartered in New Jersey.
Founded in 1983 CGS is a recognized leader in providing professional IT staffing solutions to Fortune 2000 companies in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic region with plans to expand operations into major  Eastern seaboard and Midwest  markets.We are brought together by a common set of values, which sit at the very heart of our business.
We deliver a genuinely consultative service that is underpinned by the depth of both our market knowledge and the client and candidate networks we have developed.GOW is an established recruitment specialist in Sydney and Melbourne servicing accounting & finance, financial markets and funds management, project management, support and digital transformation & marketing across financial services and commerce & industry.
In addition to banking, we have successfully built this office around project management, technology, digital and data recruitment, within the following industries; utilities, health care, advertising and new digital companies.And were committed to producing outcomes that improve company cultures and help employees live healthier, happier and more engaged lives.
We offer thousands of goal-oriented training sessions that naturally engage and encourage your employees to be their best, no matter who they are or what they want to accomplish.Progyny is the leading fertility benefits company that combines service, science, technology and data to provide fertility solutions for self-insured employers.
Progynys approach offers members a comprehensive value based treatment plan that is based on the latest medical science and technology.
Progyny supports all fertility solutions to include IVF, IUI, embryo banking, egg freezing, adoption and surrogacy.Adult Programs: SDWP funds job training programs that enable eligible adults to develop the skills and knowledge needed to meet the needs of regional employers.
Upon approval, San Diego public and private agencies, community-based organizations, local businesses, and education institutions receive funding to manage programs benefiting laid-off workers and disengaged youth to alleviate barriers to employment.For more than 6 decades, HRL's scientists and engineers have been on the leading edge of technology, conducting pioneering research, providing real-world technology solutions, and advancing the state of the art.
Our research collaborations with our LLC Member companies, government, commercial and academic institutions are realizing groundbreaking advances in ultra-high-performance circuitry, robust computing and communications, automated data extraction, and innovative architected materials.We build high-yield partnerships for travel businesses such as airlines, online travel agents and accommodation providers by connecting their customers with car rental, private transfers and rail connections all over the world.
We deliver year-round demand for their services from over 2,000 travel businesses.From our Urban Innovation Centre in London, we provide world-class facilities and expertise to support the development of new products and services, as well as opportunities to collaborate with others, test ideas and develop business models.
We help innovators turn ingenious ideas into working prototypes that can be tested in real urban settings.Statistics.com is the leading provider of online education in statistics, and offers over 100 courses in introductory and advanced statistics.
The Institute for Statistics Education at Statistics.com is the leading provider of introductory, advanced, and specialized courses in statistics, analytics, predictive modeling, data mining, optimization, risk modeling and forecasting - from"statistics for novices" to "support vector machines for data miners."We believe in the power of creativity to make this happen and drive real business effectiveness.
Creativity and Effectiveness are our twin peaks  goals we strive for every day.
To truly deliver on making brands matter, it is absolutely crucial we start by understanding people  to understand what they do and why they do it.The XSEED School Learning Program replaces rote-chalk-and-talk with a well researched five step process to teach every concept effectively using clear curricular aims, hands-on activity, reflective analysis, application and assessment.
The XSEED classroom toolkit includes over 10,000 step-by-step teaching plans, application-oriented student learning materials, and skill-focused assessment to provide individualized feedback.We are a global Customer Experience company with consulting, agency and technology integrator capabilities, who believe in business as a positive force for change.
Our consulting, solutions and products allow companies to create a frictionless consumer journey through all channels (phone, social, web, mobile, retail, etc).Zaloni simplifies big data for transformative business insights.
Our platform provides total control throughout the data pipeline from ingestion to analytics, with comprehensive data management, governance and self-service data preparation capabilities for IT and business users.
For business users, the platform delivers a self-service, enterprise-wide data catalog through which to discover and wrangle data sets, and derive transformational business insights using advanced analytics.They believe quantitative investing provides a better framework to be more creative when solving for client challenges.
Their quantitative approach unites the intellectual and academic precision of science, engineering, mathematics, finance and investment expertise with the power of data and technology in their quest to elevate the certainty of the outcomes they deliverSUPINFO has become in France the first higher school in Computer science in term of trained student number and also in term of national coverage.
SUPINFO is one of the few higher education schools where information systems training is at the core of postgraduate courses from the very first year of the programme.Growth Acceleration Partners is an Austin-based custom software development company.
Our nearshore development teams in Costa Rica and Colombia work on US time zones eliminating challenges of traditional offshore software development companies.
GAP has rapidly grown to serve hundreds of clients and has built custom applications in industries such as technology, financial services, retail, entertainment, and healthcare.Delivering excellence in Software R&D, IT Operations, Cyber Security, and BPO for clients worldwide, Infopulse has built a reputation of a trusted full-service solution provider.
Infopulse efficiently combines in-depth industry knowledge and technological expertise to deliver enhanced business value to its customers by providing tailored services and solutions for Automotive, Banking & Finance, E-Commerce, Electronics, Energy, Healthcare, Marketing, Publishing, Retail & Wholesale, Software & High-Tech, and Telecom.What makes Marketing Eye different is that we were the first to provide a full in-house marketing management service, backed by a team of creatives, web, digital, seo, branding, public relations, communications, journalism and social media curation experts.ITER is an international, large-scale scientific collaboration intended to prove the viability of fusion as an energy source, and to collect the data necessary for the design and subsequent operation of the first electricity-producing fusion power plant.As the sole professional body for actuaries in Australia, the Actuaries Institute represents the interests of its members to Government, the business community and the general public.
The Institute is committed to promoting and maintaining a high standard of actuarial practice and represents and supports its members by:Claro Partners is an international business innovation and service design firm.
We make sense of disruptive shifts in business and society to develop new market opportunities, strategies and business models.
By combining social science, design thinking and business strategy, we lead our clients to solutions that create value for both business and for society.Metron is a scientific consulting company dedicated to solving challenging problems in national defense through the development and application of advanced mathematical methods.
Metron's employees are leaders in their technical fields who have made the commitment to solve real-world problems.
* Advanced Mathematics Applications (Virginia)Founded in 1960, Oregon Research Institute (ORI) is a non-profit, independent, behavioral research center with an international reputation as a leader in conducting research to help people lead healthier lives.
The largest independent behavioral research center in Oregon, ORI employs 165 people.We synthesize business wisdom from top-tier strategy consultants, advanced machine learning from experienced data scientists and cutting-edge product development by expert application designers and developers to create solutions that enable our clients to win.
The team comprises top-tier consultants from McKinsey and BCG, data scientists with advanced machine learning experience and product developers who have built winning mobility products.Our research helps build brands with a competitive edge.
Whatever your challenge, ours is to deliver intelligent insights using proven tools and techniques.
Whether youre big or small, our compelling stories will inspire your whole organisation
We are Future Thinking  challenge makes us tickFullpower is the leader for cloud-based IoT smart-home and wearable solutions powered by AI, machine-learning and data science.
CAREERS: Fullpower Technologies is always looking for passionate, team-oriented, and self-motivated individuals interested in the development of the next generation of IoT and wearable solutions.Your customers behavioural patterns are analyzed by our data science team while in-house media buyers ensure that only the highest quality sources provide you with prospects.
Kobi specializes in continuous optimization that results in an increased ROI and a steady volume of quality leads, working with you as a direct partner to provide you quality at scale.Ennov is an independent software vendor (ISV) specialized in regulated content management.
On top of a generic EDMS / BPMS technology platform (usable in any sector), we propose 4 sets of solutions uniquely tailored for the Life Sciences market:
Our single focus: delivering cost effective, best-of-breed, off the shelf, highly configurable, user friendly solutions to our clients.Using artificial intelligence to build a brain inside your business.
That brain learns and optimizes over time, taking the guesswork out of business operations.
Our applications predict key variables in demand and supply ...
Founded in 2016, Noodle.ai is led by executives from top firms in data science, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and management consulting.Altair Customer Intelligence is leading the way for database and direct-to-consumer marketing.
Our solutions empower marketers and executive management teams to acquire and retain customers successfully using tri-bureau data and custom analytics.
- Industry leading data science team comprised of credit bureau alumni with 30+ years experience
Altair works with multiple verticals on direct-to-consumer marketing campaigns.Evolvs proven workforce performance solutions  the first of their kind  leverage the power of Big Data and predictive analytics to help businesses select, retain and develop a more productive, more positive and more profitable workforce.
Evolv harnesses the power of machine learning to uncover and correct the inefficiencies that undermine the performance.MapD is the extreme analytics platform, used in business and government to find insights in data beyond the limits of mainstream analytics tools.
Originating from research at MIT, MapD is a technology breakthrough, harnessing the massive parallel computing of GPUs for data analytics.Contata Solutions, founded in 2000, is a US-based software services company headquartered in Minneapolis, MN with two offshore offices in India: a Software Engineering group and a back-office support group.
Today, after more than 13 years of continuous growth and expansion, Contata has a loyal client base distributed across the nation and a track record of having delivered hundreds of successful projects.A leader in the conflict assessment and early warning field, the Fund for Peace focuses on the problems of weak and failing states.
The Fund for Peace offers a wide range of initiatives focused on our central objective of promoting sustainable security, the ability of a state to solve its own problems peacefully without an external military or administrative presence.MoveOn is made up of two organizations: MoveOn.org Civic Action, a 501(c)(4) nonprofit organization focusing on education and advocacy, providing civic engagement tools to the public, and building the progressive movement by encouraging and supporting the development of more grassroots leaders.With 50 years of experience in Food Safety & Quality, an extensive global footprint of more than 100 accredited laboratories in 21 countries, Mrieux nutriSciences is one of the leader on its market.
In Australia, Mrieux NutriSciences' facilities are located in Brisbane, Melbourne, Perth and Sydney and offer NATA-accredited microbiology and chemistry laboratory services that operate seven days a week, 365 days per year.We provide custom synthesis, contract research, process development and toll manufacturing in the areas of flavonoids, coumarins, acetophenones, benzophenones, chromones, fluoro-organics, heterocyclics and natural products for the pharmaceutical, agricultural and life science industries.
INDOFINE Chemical Company, Inc. provides custom synthesis, contract research, and toll manufacturing to clients in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, flavor and fragrances, and agricultural industries.Matmatch is an online platform for the search, evaluation and sourcing of engineering materials.
You can establish your unique expertise in particular product applications areas, access advanced analytics on your customers and drive new sales leads.
Join a global community of product designers, engineers, academics, and material suppliers.Ideaplunge is not just a software development company, it works beyond that realm to offer solutions with the right approach that todays startups and entrepreneurs need the most.
If you have a game-changing idea for a mobile or a web app, or need the right expertise for a disruptive solution, Call us @ +91 80 43709676SYSTEMATIX is a world class designer, custom manufacturer and integrator of custom factory automation for the health science, automotive, and niche product sectors.
The Technology Triangle is also home to many of our sub-system vendors, and hosts two world class universities, all within minutes of our manufacturing plant.PREMIER Biosoft is a leading bioinformatics company offering software products and services to government agencies, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and academia across the globe.
PREMIER Biosoft specializes in software development for life science community.
The company also offers custom informatics solutions to life science companies and laboratories.Our products (SaaS and API) are used throughout the entire employee lifecycle to personalize it-- helping applicants discover best fit jobs to apply for, helping employers determine fit, guiding growth paths for individuals and teams, and easing internal mobility so companies can keep their best people engaged--all via a simple, efficient, and reliable tool backed by science.NCP's panel - comprised of U.S. consumers carefully selected across a multitude of key demographics - provides the highest actionable consumer data available to support the needs of both IRi and Nielsen.
"NCP panel data helps manufacturers understand consumer preferences on specific brands and in turn allows retailers to stock the right item assortment for their local markets."The curriculum is broken into three key areas, computer science fundamentals, technical interview preparation, and non-technical interview skills.
2. Technical Interview preparation include: whiteboarding, pair-programming, and systems architecture design
3. Non-technical interview skills training include one-on-ones with individuals tackle phone screening, effective communication, body language, job search management, and negotiation.MetOcean Solutions is a science-based consultancy that provides specialist numerical modelling and analytical services in meteorology and oceanography.
Our team includes a multi-disciplinary group of PhD scientists and technical experts with experience in oceanography, meteorology, atmospheric physics, acoustic signal processing and fluid dynamics, as well as web architecture and development.The DOr Institute for Research and Education (IDOR) is a nonprofit organization who aims is to promote scientific and technological progress in healthcare.
Since the establishment of its hospitals network, Rede DOr So Luiz Group has promoted numerous education and clinical research initiatives, including education and specialization programs.The Bandish Group is a small, global, boutique executive search firm with proven successes in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, device, diagnostic and healthcare industries.
Our reputation for professionally handled, efficient searches has won us the regard and confidence of companies from start-ups, to small and medium-sized organizations, to Fortune 500 firms in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, device, diagnostic and healthcare industries.The Roy and Lila Ash Center for Democratic Governance and Innovation, a research center at the Harvard Kennedy School, advances excellence and innovation in governance and public policy through research, education, and public discussion.
Three major programs support our mission: the Program on Democratic Governance, the Innovations in Government Program; and the Rajawali Foundation Institute for Asia.Visualization Sciences Group (VSG) is a business unit of FEI, a supplier of scientific instruments and solutions for nanoscale applications for industry and science.
Avizo and Amira are powerful, multifaceted 3D software platform for visualizing, manipulating, and understanding data in areas ranging from materials science, life sciences, and industrial inspection.Simultaneously, we work in educating students from different geographies & demographics about scholarships, their availability & successful application.
The USP of Buddy4Study is the excellent blend of ideas on education, data science & implementing artificial intelligence, simplifying the whole process of launching, managing & availing scholarships, with minimal side cost and maximum social impact.HomeHero is a licensed non-medical home care provider that leverages smart technology and human compassion to extend the health system into the home.
We cater to individual families seeking assistance in the home and we empower health systems to launch, operate and grow their own non-medical home care programs.We are a part of the Clea Group of Companies, a Rs. 1 billion entity offering a wide range of services including Public Relations, Film Production, Marketing Consultancy, Celebrity Management, Visual Communication & Design, Brand Custodial Services and Market Research.As an Enterprise Systems Integrator, we gather your companys information, organize, define, and label it in a format thats useful to those who need it.
Allowing everyone to work from a single source of truth when making decisions.
Only data that you can actually use and a sense of empowerment from making better informed decisions.We specialize in acquisition innovation, decision support, and science and engineering.
We ensure our clients success by developing a deep understanding of their critical needs and teaming top technologists with domain experts to develop tailored and reliable solutions.
At ByteCubed, we are committed to providing the best in customer service and to helping our customers accomplish their missions.Wise.io customer support applications provide intelligent automation that mimics the decision making of your best agents, freeing them to do what they do best  solving the hardest problems for your most important customers.
The Wise.io team has extensive machine learning expertise as well as a deep domain knowledge of customer support processes.Previously known as Ma Foi Analytics, Lymbyc Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
Headquartered in Bangalore, Lymbyc Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
It helps improve decision-making in organizations by curating embedded intelligence across all data sources, while tackling enormous amounts of data, organizational silos and information complexity.- In December 2014, WPP's Kantar Media acquired Civolution's audio watermarking business supporting technology solutions for Audience Measurement and SyncNow, its Second Screen synchronization product.
- In July 2015, US data science and advertising technology company 4C Insights acquired Civolution's Teletrax business, owning the world's largest television broadcast monitoring networks supporting applications for TV Analytics and TV-synchronized digital advertising.Jvion delivers a Cognitive Clinical Success Machine that does what simple predictive analytics cannot.
The ultra-high definition future view that Jvion's Cognitive Clinical Success Machine delivers allows providers to see a patient 30, 60, 90, even 365 days into the future.Quintiles and IMS Health have come together to become IQVIA, The Human Data Science Company
Inspired by the industry we help, IQVIA commits to providing solutions that enable life sciences companies to innovate with confidence, maximize their opportunities and ultimately drive human health outcomes forward.Specialties: Energy, Financial Services, Commodities, Front Office, Middle Office, Back Office, Crude Oil, Refined Products, Distillates, Gasoline, Renewable Fuels, Biodiesel, Ethanol, RINs, Coal, Gas, Electricity, Power, Renewable Power, Wind, Solar, Carbon Emissions, RECs, Environmental Products, Transmission, Congestion, FTR, TCC, CRR, TCR, Nodal, Virtuals, Point-To-Point, PTP, UpTos, Derivatives, Swaps, Futures, Options, Basis, Trading, Asset Optimization, Portfolio Management, Sales, Origination, Marketing, Fundamental Analysis, Trade Strategy, Load Forecasting, Algorithmic, Data Science, Quantitative, Quant., Power Engineer, Structuring, Pricing, Scheduling, Risk, Valuation, Product Control, Compliance, Confirmations, Settlements, Clearing, Accounting, Recruiting, Jobs, PositionsMavrx provides field monitoring and farm stakeholder engagement services using a proprietary national imaging network, geospatial data science, and historic yield analysis to monitor crop production and help farms and all agriculture service providers optimize profits.
The Mavrx platform supports agriculture service providers, farmers, insurance companies, and financial services touching over 100 million acres of U.S. and international farmland.Unlike other FDA 21 CFR Part 11 hosting companies, Validated Cloud is the first solution to offer a fully qualified environment, wrapped in a governing quality system and deployed in accordance with FDA 21 CFR Part 820 and ISO 13485:2003 requirements for medical device quality management.Kinduct is a leading data and analytics software provider.
Our highly secure, cloud-based platform allows human performance and sports organizations to spend less time managing their data and more time using it to inform decisions, promote constant improvement and produce exceptional results.WCN delivers an award-winning Intelligent Talent Acquisition suite to over 400 clients.
WCN delivers specialist tools spanning a broad range of client needs including volume recruitment for large corporations and household brand-names that require a high intake of employees for similar roles, student recruiting and comprehensive recruitment technology offerings for the public sector and police marketplace.Several well-known corporations and experts in tire industry invested and established Sailun with technological support from rubber industry and Qingdao University of Science and Technology.
At the same time we make technology innovation and development, we apply management & control network system and computer system to tire production and manufacture, technology quality control, resource and energy, corporation administration, logistics and storage, marketing and service.Altmetric LLP is a leading provider of research metrics to scholarly publishers, funders and institutions.
It tracks and collates the online dissemination and conversations surrounding individual research outputs, delivering data through an API and an analytics package called the Altmetric Explorer.Our mission is to produce the worlds finest practitioners of analytics  individuals who have mastered complex methods and tools for large-scale data modeling, who have a passion for solving challenging problems through teamwork, who are guided by intellectual curiosity, honesty and integrity, and who strive to attain the highest level of professionalism through continuous self-improvement.
Founded at North Carolina State University, the Institutes flagship program is the nations first Master of Science in Analytics (MSA) degree.Founded in 2013, IQM has designed a leading programmatic political marketing platform.
(ii) semantic analysis to understand the nature and sentiment of news and political media potential voters consume, 
(iv) programmatic creative to design campaign messages optimized to nudge voter perspectives, 
(vi) attribution science to measure the effect of campaigns and properly attribute effects to results, and Metric Arts, a business intelligence consulting company, whose mission is to provide guidance in decision making processes of our customers through outstanding service, combining adequate information management, providing tools and continuous learning after two clear objectives: to maximize value and reduce risk.Shaw + Scott employs a holistic approach that spans the digital spectrum, working to optimize results across web, email, social and beyond.
Our team will helps marketers navigate the complex digital ecosystem with elegant technology and sophisticated creative thats proven to boost results and drive ROI.Astrum is Indias first science-based specialist Reputation Management advisory.
The purpose of every Astrum professional is to help each of our clients become that star.
Astrum works as a strategic partner to the C-Suite, helping them resolve complex challenges they face in building and guarding their companies reputation.Calise Partners has developed a verifiable Single Source of Truth with AdScience.
This proprietary data management platform was developed with one goal in mind  to measurably improve quality leads and drive customer growth for our clients.
Simply put, we connect the dots between complex data, custom insights and multi-channel media.DGA imagines a world in which the places we live, work, create, learn, and heal support a complete physical, mental, and social well-being.
We use design to advance these idealshelping people, our clients, create environments that promote health, value, and the pursuit of knowledge.
DGA is a planning, architecture, and interiors design firm.Fresh Market Intelligence bringing clarity to the complex and fast-paced world of All Things AI.
CognitionX brings together the world leading data experts, software developers, platform vendors, researchers, hardware providers and businesses looking to apply data-driven techniques to their organisation.TRTech is an industry-driven, not-for-profit technology commercialization company that fast tracks ICT innovation to market by working with its 80 industry, government, and academic partners and clients to discover, develop and commercialize technology.
We can work directly with and for you on projects or we can help you find the right partners through the larger TRTech community (which has been 26+years in the making).We have worked with businesses across multiple industries ranging from multinational companies and mid-size enterprises to digital marketing agencies and Silicon Valley technology startups.
We have rich experience working with executives and functional leaders across IT, Engineering, Product Development, and Marketing to help accomplish their business goals.Cazena radically simplifies data and analytics with the first, fully-managed, Big Data as a Service.
Cazena's solutions embed best-of-breedtechnologies (Cloudera, RStudio, AWS Redshift, Greenplum, etc.) with software automation and cloud infrastructure (Microsoft Azure, AWS, etc.) to deliver production-ready data platforms in hours, with 24/7 monitoring, security and support.
Everything is fully-managed and optimized by Cazena, so teams can be more productive and focused.Our grants modules have securely processed over $75 billion in federal funds in one fiscal year  an amazing feat.
Synectics employs dedicated professionals, who help provide our expanding client base with a full range of IT services.
Our philosophy is to provide the best service at very competitive rates and to build long-lasting professional relationships with our clients.We believe its time Australians had access to a banking experience built around their needs and in their interests.
Its alright if you havent had a chance  to think ahead:  Xinja will prompt you with options to improve your finances, which you can action with a single swipe, and we do the rest.Our MWD (Measurement While Drilling) and LWD (Logging While Drilling) services provide high-quality, accurate data to enable time-critical decisions for drilling of extended-reach, horizontal, vertical, and complex directional wells and sidetracks. Cloud - Strategy, Planning, Migration
 Data Center Services - Strategy, Planning, Migration
 Disaster Recovery/BCP Strategy & Planning
We have no affiliation with vendors, manufacturers, services providers, or systems integrators.
Extensive experience in the Private and Public Sector including:COLUMBIA Technologies is a global specialty contractor dedicated to providing world-class innovative data collection, analyses, visualization, mapping and tracking tools for subsurface soil and groundwater contamination to environmental, legal and property professionals.
High-Resolution Site Characterization technologies including direct imaging tools, laser induced fluorescence, optical imaging probes, and high-resolution sampling to determine the extent of subsurface contamination, track soil and groundwater changes and profile existing remediation systems.We provide a customized approach that drives cost and operational efficiencies into the recruiting process.
Our unique approach replaces the standard high cost commission-based contingency model with a fixed, low cost, results-driven service.
Leveraging technology, we transform data into a strategy, improving your recruiting metrics and process.
Value, quality and service...We are brought together by a common set of values, which sit at the very heart of our business.
We deliver a genuinely consultative service that is underpinned by the depth of both our market knowledge and the client and candidate networks we have developed.Bigdatapump specializes in providing next generation data and analytics services.
As a forerunner in the field we assist our clients in becoming data driven.
We offer consultation, technology solutions and implementation services that enable companies to improve customer service, optimize business processes, and maximize business value.
Bigdatapump is now CGI Advanced Analytics Solutions.We are currently treating water for commercial and industrial cooling, agriculture and livestock operations, and shrimp aquaculture farms.
Silver Bullet provides a an odorless and tasteless biocide that kills bacteria and reduces scale and bio-film buildup in livestock drinking water.W3.Digital is a strategic design consultancy that delivers digital innovation, products, and services.
I have no hesitation in recommending their services to any prospective clients." Charlie Carpentari, Director, Innovation  Shout For Good.
They have created a long term strategic vision that highlighted the need for true digital innovation, not just site redevelopment." Cameron McPherson, Associate Director, Digital Strategy - ACU.As the trusted technology service provider for auto auctions and the wholesale remarketing industry, AutoIMS delivers applications and solutions enabling streamlined data connections and processes.
Through an approach that values both art & science, AutoIMS is able to connect over 1,200 commercial consignors, 650+ auto auctions, and numerous 3rd party providers, driving efficiencies and greater returns for our entire client network.Las Vegas' Online Marketing Leader
IMI Vegas is a locally focused subsidiary of Internet Marketing Inc.
(IMI), one of the fastest-growing, full-service online marketing agencies in the country, with offices in San Diego, Las Vegas, and New York.
Our Vegas team has decades of experience in the local market providing online marketing, developing websites, driving traffic and building brands.The foundation pursues its mission through its grant-making division, comprising programs in Mathematics & Physical Sciences, Life Sciences, Education & Outreach and autism research, and through its internal research division, the Flatiron Institute.
The mission of the Flatiron Institute is to advance scientific research through computational methods, including data analysis, modeling and simulation.With offices in London and Sydney, Resources Group is one of the leading specialist recruitment firms for Insights, Data Analytics and Marketing/BD.
We are a team of highly experienced recruiters who work collaboratively to provide a premium service to our applicants and clients, who include some of the most iconic corporate and agency brands.
Our specialist teams provide market-leading recruitment expertise in three key sectors: International School of Engineering (INSOFE) was launched in 2011 with an aim to transform the applied engineering education space in India with current focus area as Big Data Analytics / Data Science.
INSOFE does high-end consulting globally for product, consulting and services companies in various domains, helping them build their Centres of Excellence in the space of Big Data and Analytics.Metromile is revolutionizing car ownership to fit your lifestyle.
If you arent driving much, you shouldnt be paying much.
With pay-per-mile insurance and our smart driving app, we aim to make car ownership less expensive, more convenient, and as simple as it can be.Over the past 30+ years, ZyLAB has been working closely with corporations, law firms, and governmental agencies to deal with regulatory requests, high frequency eDiscovery, M&A, contract discovery and review, FOIA and Public Records Requests, investigations, and audits.
ZyLAB facilitates truth-finding missions through large or small electronic datasets related to business critical projects of governmental agencies, law firms and companies of any size.Founded in 2011 by Stephane Marceau and Frederic Chanay, OMsignal is home to a multidisciplinary team of professionals, including smart textile engineers and designers, software and hardware engineers, biomedical and sports scientists, mobile UX developers, as well as active apparel marketers.IR performs R&D in information, communications and media (ICM) technologies to develop holistic solutions across the ICM value chain.
Our research capabilities are in information technology, wireless and optical communication networks, interactive and digital media, signal processing and computing.
We seek to be the infocomm and media value creator that keeps Singapore ahead.Droom is not only the largest online automobile platform in India but also the 3rd  largest E-commerce company in India in terms of GMV.
It has built tech and data science heavy tools to create the entire ecosystem around used automobiles, including OBV (pricing engine), Eco (121 points vehicle inspection), History (200 mil vehicle history records), Discovery (dozens of pre-buying tools) and Credit (Indias first and only marketplace for used vehicles loans).TH_NK is a digital transformation agency.
We work with clients like Vue, Butlins, Warner Bros., New Look and Atom Bank to set and realise their digital ambitions.
10 years has taught us that the need for digital transformation comes in waves.
We uniquely blend the skills and talent from the three kinds of partner clients typically need today.QCRI is a national research institute supporting Qatar Foundations mission to build Qatars innovation and technology capacity by focusing on large-scale computing challenges that address national priorities for growth and development.
In doing this, QCRI conducts world-class multidisciplinary computing research that is relevant to the needs of Qatar, the wider Arab region, and the world.DMEautomotive (DMEa) is the industry leader in science-based, results-driven automotive marketing, and provides turnkey marketing to the largest and most innovative automotive organizations.
From automobile dealerships to many of the largest aftermarket companies in the U.S. DMEa's uniquely panoramic view of the complete automotive sales and service market, combined with its cutting-edge, science-based marketing programs, increases customer yield, conversion and retention.We provide focused technical expertise resolving the challenges associated with Big Data.
Our team of veteran technologists with over 100 years of combined experience, enables us to quickly understand the unique technical needs of our clients to provide them resources that match both their technology and culture needs.
We provide the best talent pool to help you meet your big data challenges.PWLS provides clients with a unique level of service, depth of knowledge and unparalleled experience as a principal purchaser, intermediary, or loan sale advisor.
PWLS utilizes the latest technologies from data science and machine learning, combined with real time market intelligence providing Phoenix clients with best in class mark-to-market services, portfolio management and risk analysis for all types of mortgage loans.Originate designs and builds custom software products that solve complex problems, with a focus on time-to-market, scalability, and business impact.
We work with large enterprises to build revolutionary new products and reimagine legacy systems.
We also partner with high growth startups to help them accelerate their vision and create a competitive advantage.DATA SCIENCE POWERED BY OIL & GAS DOMAIN EXPERTISE
OPEX Group helps oil and gas operating companies to increase production through the smart application of predictive technologies and applied data science.
By combining a deep knowledge of data science together with oil and gas domain expertise, we offer our customers a unique service to maximise production and improve performance.Seed helps people, companies, and governments around the world think scientifically.
With a track record of disruptive innovation in areas ranging from scientific publishing to science and design to data visualization, and a portfolio spanning technology, consulting, and digital media, Seed exists to catalyze universal science literacy.
To learn more, visit: http://seedmediagroup.com/scientific.htmlAt Aera, we deliver the technology that enables the Self-Driving Enterprise: a cognitive operating system that connects you with your business and autonomously orchestrates your operations.
Aera serves the Global 1000 from 8 offices, and is headquartered in Mountain View, California.Naturvetarna, the Swedish Association of Professional Scientists, is the trade union for science graduates.
The scientific skills of our members are invaluable to employers and society in general, so our objective is that they must enjoy good working conditions, salaries that reflect their competence and performance and good conditions for continuous development in their employment market.We take pride in the fact that we employ only the best people from both the mining as well as software industries.
"To be the global standard for enterprise interoperability, integration and analytics solutions in the mining industry, founded on proven software and services, relevant business models and innovative partnering."Green City Solutions addresses the global problem of air pollution by combining a special, vertically installed moss culture with Internet-of-Things (IoT) technology.
The product, called the CityTree, combines specific plants that eat particulate matter (PM) and nitrogen dioxide.
The construction contains sensors collecting environmental and climatic data, to regulate and control the unit and ensure that the plants survive.At the core of each of our research studies is the phrase Garbage In, Garbage Out.
B2B market research is typically focused more on strategic decision making rather than consumer insights.
With such a stark cost/benefit ratio it is a wonder that decisions are ever made without the backing of a proper B2B market research study.AnalyticsWeek emerged as part of a massive community effort to build an ecosystem for big data analytics driven businesses and professionals.
AnalyticsWeek has rolled out various programs to facilitate faster recruitment of tools, techniques and talent for analytics driven businesses, improve partnership ecosystem and enable deeper community engagements.At Farrell Associates, we are obsessed with helping our clients hire their ideal employees.
We have developed a robust process, which uses our recruitment , behavioural science and people-management experience to help hire the best talent.
We aim to work with clients who share our passion for business culture and people.Cosmo Tech is a global technology company that helps the C-suite make optimal decisions.
And we deliver interconnected insights that tell you how each part of your organization would be affected by your potential choices so you can make the best decisions for your company.By involving them in the organisation during their whole career, they will experience more job satisfaction and will perform better  which, in turn, will make the organisation more innovative, mobile, and customer-focused.
We are running ahead in technological innovation, inspired by our past experiences.Our task is to raise the performance of data-driven marketing.
We dont know exactly where well be in another five years, but were sure to be pushing the boundaries of digital impact.
To learn more about us, or the data-driven platforms we implement marketing solutions for, please visit us at one of the channels below.
twitter.com/Precis_DigitalWe are international software development company working with successful tech driven businesses for 15+ years.
Start-ups, agility, speed, flexibility, efficiency, automation, data science, data-driven BI advice, technology excellence  these are the keywords we live by.
We always aim to provide a level of tech excellence that redefines what delivering value really means.In those 17 years, we have worked with SME and F500 companies, having broad knowledge and domain expertise of various industries in IT outsourcing and application development.
They are techno commercial personnel having fine exposure of more than 17 years in total, they understand the need of the market and develop software and web application for both domestic and international markets.Following our merger into the Telespazio Group in 2011 we now have access to a vast array of world leading facilities and services, which we provide both within the UK and to our export markets.
Our valued and experienced knowledgeable experts deliver consulting and engineering support to space missions worldwide.Geographica is a technology business specialized in Data Science, GIS and custom software solutions for web and mobile.
We think that much of the worldwide talent in computer sciences are put into Open Source projects, and they offer the best technical solutions for our own ones.We develop sensors and the associated signal processing algorithms necessary for the extraction and interpretation of data for systems operating under water, in the atmosphere, and in space.
These robust algorithms will continue to enable Aret to rapidly deliver innovative solutions to the ever evolving challenges of our customers.CoreValue, a US-based Software and Technology Services company, providing traditional Cloud based CRM implementation services and Mobile applications to industries such as Pharmatech, Healthcare, and Finance.
For more than 10 years, CoreValue has pioneered agile distributed development to deliver innovative, dependable and cost-effective software and technology solutions to our global clients.iOLAP, Inc. is a big-data and advanced-analytics consultancy operating at the forefront of technology for more than two decades.
We focus on innovation and implementation of robust solutions to handle the variety, velocity, and volume of data you need to be a leader.
	Integration of structured/unstructured data from disparate sources, and ETL implementations;  Ranked 86th in the Deloitte Technology Fast500 Asia Pacific 2010 Awards, the only company from Singapore in Top 100
 Mr.Vinod Menon awarded Top Entrepreneur for The Entrepreneur of the Year Award by Rotary-ASME 2012, Outstanding Entrepreneur Award by APEA 2011 and Top 5 Leading Indian Entrepreneurs in Singapore 2010 (Medium Enterprise) by SICCI-DBS Singapore Indian Entrepreneur Awards 2010Determined to solve your company's toughest data-driven business problems and answer your most challenging questions through careful analysis, we at Aunalytics challenge you to rethink the value and power of your data.
We help businesses improve their efficiency, drive revenue, and increase conversions through a variety of operational, consumer, and digital analytics solutions.UK NARIC is the designated United Kingdom national agency for the recognition and comparison of international qualifications and skills.
UK NARIC offers worldwide advanced research and consultancy we are sought out by national governments, educational authorities, professional institutes and secondary, vocational and higher education awarding bodies as an expert consultant for advice, specialist technical input, capacity building and development.81qd is a global industry leader in opinion leader science.
Our offerings are customized, brand-specific, and evidence based.
We are US/EU Safe Harbor certified.
We integrate clinical and scientific expertise with proprietary technology which allows us to transform data into actionable insights, allowing us to help our pharmaceutical and biotechnology clients optimize the clinical and commercial potential of their brands.Each year, trillions of dollars are ineffectively spent on healthcare and trillions of life data points are ineffectively connected to understanding our health.
We are developing one of the first platforms to consolidate and compute existing biomedical + contextual life data points, from sources available in a personal setting, to enable people to detect health conditions more effectively and intervenably  before becoming patients.As a scientific research council, the CGS is mandated to provide for the promotion of research and the extension of knowledge in the field of geoscience as well as the provision of specialised geoscientific services.
- Engineering Geosciences (including Geotechnical Services), 
- Regional Geological Surveys and Map compilations including Core Drilling Services.With operations in Singapore, Malaysia, India and China, the Group has a staff strength of about 2,900 regionally and 600,000 sq ft of manufacturing space with over 430 injection moulding machines.
The Group's customers include major players in diverse industries including data storage, business machine, automotive and health care.In 2002, Bob built a team of Data Science and IT professionals to form Open Data Group and help Fortune 1000 companies leverage analytic assets.
In 2015, technology veterans Pete Foley CEO and Stu Bailey CTO joined to leverage the teams deep expertise and history in data science and IT consultation to create enterprise grade software for deploying analytic and predictive models.We are a community -meaning that whilewe are constantly writingarticles,and sharinginformation & tips to keep you up to date in our fast-paced industry, we rely on you to contribute your knowledge as well as showcase you and/or your businesses latest tools and findingsWe have earned a status of a trusted long-term software development partner for our customers in North America and the EU with a high quality delivery and business continuity.
By applying advanced computer vision algorithms, powered with machine learning we are able to extract meaningful information from images and translate it into real-world business applications.We help companies of all sizes efficiently access capital at the lowest possible cost in order to accelerate disruptive growth.
WR Hambrecht + Co actively maintains our firm profile content on the LinkedIn site and is conscious of federal and self-regulatory rules.It was established to provide active job placement assistance and CRA /CRC training to local  or foreign  life science professionals in getting faster access to the  rewarding career of Clinical Research Associate or Coordinator  that matches their qualification.A significant part of the activities in IMSB will therefore focus on the development of new technologies for the collection and analysis of quantitative data at high throughput and their integration into models that represent the behavior of the systems studied.Alchemis was the first new business agency for the marketing, communications and creative industries and we continue to innovate.
 Digital design agencies
 Digital marketing agencies
 Marketing consultancies
 Management consultancies
Well evaluate your new business strategy and your proposition, fine-tune them and then create a campaign that guarantees success.Our personal health tracking products illuminate health through data, and empower people with new information about their bodies.
Weve also created a thriving Community in which women across all stages in life, all over the world, support and learn from each other about every topic imaginable.
Our goal is to enable people to manage their health in a whole new way.ChemADVISOR, Inc., a UL Company, is an industry leader in providing Environmental, Health, Safety and Transportation (EHS&T) information and solutions.
Our database products, including LOLI (List of Lists), Navigator, Transportation Advisor and OHS Pure Substance Database provide the most comprehensive chemical regulatory information available.The British Trust for Ornithology (BTO) is the UKs leading bird research organisation harnessing the skills & enthusiasm of over 40,000 volunteers to monitor UK birds.
We work hard to share our passion for birds with others, striving to make our surveys and science accessible to people of all ages, backgrounds and abilities.The Faculty of Computer and Information Science of the University of Ljubljana is Slovenias leading educational and research institution for computer and information science.
The University was founded in 1919 and is the oldest and largest higher education and scientific research institution in Slovenia.We work in the Data and Analytics market and apply our expertise and energy to three key sectors: Marketing & Insight, Data & Technology and Digital.
Bodhi Resourcing aims to deliver specialist recruitment services to clients and candidates that help them become enlightened.
3. We apply our industry-leading expertise (and technology) to select only those candidates that meet the brief.Were Blastworks.
We make fun.
We build games that entertain, challenge and bring joy to millions.
Were on your desk, lap or in your pocket.
Blastworks collaborates with awesome developers around the world bringing their vision to life through games, supporting them with business savvy, data-science driven marketing and analytics.Aki Technologies revolutionizes how marketers engage mobile consumers.
Leading brands, including Amazon, Johnson & Johnson, Target, Toyota and Taco Bell, use Aki Katanas insights, mobile ad targeting and optimization to dramatically improve impact on awareness, engagement and in-store traffic.Our team combines leading technologists from companies like Spotify and Google with a mortgage bank that has three generations of experience.
Together were using data science, machine learning, and UX design to make the mortgage experience what it should be  an enjoyable and exciting part of the biggest transaction in most Americans lives.Apixio is the data science company for healthcare.
Apixios patented cognitive computing platform extracts and analyzes clinical data in electronic and PDF health records, generating deep insights into patient health.
Now, with its world-class team of data scientists, engineers, product experts, and healthcare gurus, Apixio has set its sights on other applications that enable insurers and health systems to deliver better care.Ginger.io is a digital mental health program for people with depression and anxiety.
We use a combination of smartphone technology, data science, and clinical services to create a personalized, affordable way to deliver mental health care.
With Ginger.io, people can analyze their mood over time, learn proven coping strategies developed by medical experts, and receive additional mental health support as needed.Signature Science's consultants serve government and commercial clients through a wide array of technical offerings.
The knowledge and experience of our consultants span a wide array of disciplines that match the technical needs of clients and the management requirements of our business.Zementis, Inc. is a leading software company focused on the operational deployment of predictive analytics and data mining solutions.
Its ADAPA and Universal PMML Plug-in scoring engines are designed from the ground up to benefit from open standards and to significantly shorten the time-to-market for predictive analytics in any industry.
UPPI, the Universal PMML Plug-in for predictive analytics on big data.We are the best organization in India as far as applied machine learning expertise is considered.
We integrate the cutting edge tools and technologies with our strong domain expertise to design predictive analytics solutions for businesses.We are proficient in classical as well as deep learning methodologies.At the Faculty of Geo-Information Science and Earth Observation (ITC) of the University of Twente, knowledge of geo-information management is readily available and is continually being developed and extended.
In doing so, considerable attention is paid to the development and application of geographical information systems (GIS) for solving problems.Cross functional end-to-end solutions to achieve outcomes that can provide market leading competitive advantage.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
 Strategy
 Growth
 Assurance
 Innovation
 Disruption
 Transformation
AREAS OF SERVICE
 Digital
 Marketing
 Data
 Customer Experience
 Customer Engagement
 New Technologies Kings is a small and extraordinarily lively academic community located in Halifax, Nova Scotia, known nationally and internationally for its interdisciplinary programmes in the humanities and journalism.
With a student population of about 1,000, Kings students enjoy a rich academic experience in a close-knit community of scholars.Science, Engineering, and Technology (SET) Corporation, a small, privately owned business founded in 2002 by scientists from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, was established to create and commercialize smart information technologies that help humans accomplish complex tasks.We run cutting edge, global digital marketing campaigns across paid search, natural search, content, display and social using industry-leading performance linguistics, data science and technology.
// The Drum Search Awards | Performance Agency of The Year 
// The Drum Network Awards | Best Digital Marketing AgencyQuintiles and IMS Health have come together to become IQVIA, The Human Data Science Company.
Inspired by the industry we help, IQVIA commits to providing solutions that enable life sciences companies to innovate with confidence, maximize their opportunities and ultimately drive human health outcomes forward.CE-N has successfully performed research projects supported by the federal ministry of science con-cerning the development of methods and software-components to link CAD-data and to convert CAD-data for the use in structural calculation programs.
CE-N now starts using digital building information modelling (BIM) for the design processes in total to achieve quality objectives.Whether you're a potential graduate or undergraduate student, SPU's School of Business, Government, and Economics opens the door to service in the marketplace.
Our Mission:  "Deeply grounded in Christian faith and values, we develop leaders who advance human flourishing through service in business, government, and civil society." Thinknear is a location-based technology company with data science at its core.
Our parent company, Telenav (NASDAQ: TNAV) is a leader in wireless location-based services powering GPS satellite navigation, and automotive navigation solutions.
As a division of Telenav, Thinknear leverages exclusive access to over 16 years of proprietary location data.Applying prospective peer-review oversight to its work, The Forensic Panel advances the validity of the examination and the integrity of forensic science.
Our forensic peer-review promotes objectivity, focuses diligence, and adherence to standards of evolving sciences.
In cases that proceed to litigation, we educate and prepare attorneys for drawing out critical evidence at deposition and at trial.AFour Technologies provide 360 Software Product Engineering Services like Software Design and Development, UX Design, Independent Testing, DevOps, Cloud, IoT, Big Data, and Analytics.
Till date, AFour Technologies has been able to bring together some of the best and brightest minds in software engineering.BRTRC Federal Solutions, founded in 1985 and headquartered in Vienna, Virginia, provides focused professional services to Federal Government agencies.
Our people deliver cutting-edge solutions for cyber operations, risk management, technology transition, as well as science, technology and professional services.CtrlShift is a global audience solutions company.
At 150 people strong, CtrlShift boasts a large client portfolio of global, regional and local marketers and publishers.
These clients depend on CtrlShift for innovative, holistic solutions to achieve their desired business outcomes anywhere across the connected globe.These allow scientists and practitioners to enhance the quality of their data, to increase productivity, and to make optimal use of human or animal resources.
- Optimal use of animal resources: Our technology allows behavioral measurements to take place under natural and animal-friendly circumstances, while continuous automated observation maximizes the amount of information collected per animal.Were excited to be driving UK innovation.
Where theres a plan, we have the people.
The Oho Group is here to support ambitious individuals and companies as they innovate.
Our aim is to create partnerships that create change and act as a catalyst for innovation in: IT, Finance and Semiconductor and Electronics.We live and breathe our markets, matching top tier technologists, data scientists and trading personnel to a growing number of opportunities across multiple markets.
Our top tier talent have a lot of choices, we work with organizations to ensure they have a clear employee value proposition in a crowded market.Aktana is the pioneer in decision support for global life science sales and marketing teams.
Aktana serves the entire organization by helping to coordinate multichannel marketing initiatives and facilitate learning about which program elements are most successful for which customers.
Nearly half of the worlds top 20 pharmaceutical companies rely on Aktana to drive more insightful marketing and sales programs.The SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics is an academic not-for-profit organization.
Its mission is to lead and coordinate the field of bioinformatics in Switzerland.
It includes some 65 world-class research and service groups and some 800 scientists in the fields of genomics, transcriptomics, proteomics, evolution, population genetics, systems biology, structural biology, biophysics and clinical bioinformatics.Grandata is a San Francisco, CA-based company that leverages advanced research in Human Dynamics (the application of big data to social relationships and human behavior) to identify market trends and predict customer actions.
Leading telecom and financial services firms are using Grandatas Social Universe product to transform big data into impressive business results.Ninjacart is India's Leading agri-marketing platform connecting vegetables and fruits farmers directly with businesses.
At one end, we help farmers get better prices and consistent demand and on other end we help retailers to source fresh vegetables at competitive prices directly from farmers.As an expert in custom software development, codecentric AG is the leader for agile software development and innovative technologies in Germany.
codecentric develops software solutions for the future, something every one of our 400 employees at each of our 15 locations in Germany and other European countries is passionate about.We apply different digital research methodologies which have proven to offer us more exhaustive and actionable information in real time in order to connect better with our consumers.Invata Intralogistics is an authority in the design, implementation, and life cycle support of automated distribution and fulfillment centers with demonstrable expertise in the movement and storage of data as well as the movement and storage of goods.We give our clients the power to own their story, control their channels and grow their audience.
At our core, we believe stories have the power to shape the world, and dedicate our energy and creativity to the art of storytelling and the science of inspiring action.(PruTech) is an established Information Technology (IT) and business support services organization with extensive experience in successfully partnering with private and public sector organizations.
For over 14 years, by employing industry best practices and developing customized solutions, our clients have benefited from PruTechs implementation of innovative technologies and ever-evolving IT services.Idiro Analytics provide Big Data solutions to businesses - we turn your data into insights and then into money.
These solutions can be delivered on-site or via an analytics-as-a-service model.
Additionally, for companies who need to grow their analytical capabilities Idiro can provide on-site consultants to help accelerate your projects.We have worked with some of the fastest growing companies in East Africa to build internal learning and development programs that drive dramatic outcomes for our students.
We have successfully built internal university programs for Sevenseas Technologies, Nairobi Java House and M-Kopa Solar (a Safricom partner) and a number of other leading companies.Datamine is a leading consultancy in the field of data and analytics.
Using techniques from applied statistical modelling to data science, Datamine works collaboratively with businesses to implement smart, data-driven commercial strategies.
With over 20 years experience, Datamine delivers repeatable success across a range of industry sectors including banking, telecommunications, energy, retail, insurance, travel, FMCG, governemnet, and healthcare.EBD Group is the leading partnering firm for the global life science industry.
Since 1993, biotech, pharma and medical device companies have leveraged EBD Groups partnering conferences, technology and services to identify business opportunities and develop strategic relationships essential to their success.Examples include: biomedical researchers exploring how light scatters from cancerous cells as the basis for new diagnostics; innovators modeling optical materials that store vast amounts of information more efficiently; and engineers designing high-speed communication systems that transmit information optically within datacenters and even between and within computer chips.Scrapinghub provides the leading technology and consulting services to deliver successful web crawling and data processing solutions.
 Open source libraries, such as Scrapy, developed mostly by our team
 A PaaS for running and managing web crawls
 A huge internal software library, including spiders for many websites, custom extractors, data post-processing, proxy management, etc.Alloc8 Recruitment was created to develop the data industries best and brightest Data and Analytics Talent and connect them with businesses that understand the opportunities that lie within this rapidly growing market.We offer sophisticated solutions, groundbreaking technologies, and winning strategies that help companies achieve their targeted results.
Were interested in taking on your toughest data questions  ones that create big impact, uncover the hidden picture beneath mountains of data, and move your business forward every day.
Come visit us on the web to learn more.We have around 4 Years of experience in providing professional services and solutions to global Businesses of all sizes, ranging from Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) to the Fortune 500.Larix provide you with flexible solutions tailored to your needs as we do not have a rigid company policy e.g. you can outsource a specific task or the full service from development plans to final reporting and you can in-source a consultant part time or full time.We have prototyped and tested dozens of ideas and formed and operated several companies in various markets.
Our technology platform, expert data science, and comprehensive search and marketing strategies set us apart.
Based in Utah with offices and operations in Central and South America and Asia, Partner Fusion brands and websites reach more than three million visitors each month.Every business needs 'Cognitive Automation' to become future ready.
We at Algonox, help businesses re-imagine their processes/operations through the powerful interplay of mainstream automation with cognitive capabilities of 
Our core vision is to provide seamless Cognitive Automation solutions & capabilities to enterprises across industries & domains and be a part of their digital transformation.The mission of Arizona State University's College of Health Solutions (CHS) is to prepare students to think critically and succeed in any situation by offering a quality education, real-world experiences, expert faculty and other connections that equip students to lead change in the dynamic health field.We have conducted regional and country-specific research in more than 120 countries, including fragile states and conflict environments.
Recognizing that conflict and fragility negatively impact millions of lives and pose distinct challenges for both developed and developing countries, D3 has cultivated deep and successful relationships to sustain field operations in difficult environments where no reliable alternative exists.Direct Media is a leading media system in South East Europe, a network of professionals in eight countries: Serbia, Montenegro, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Slovenia, Macedonia, Albania and Bulgaria.
It provides us with an opportunity to recognize our partners needs and offer equal quality of service in all markets.Aistemos uniquely combines world leading IP domain expertise, data science and big data technologies to bring IP insight into mainstream decision making.
Cipher is the leading intellectual property analytics tool designed to help your business make better decisions.The Introhive platform puts a focus on email and mobility in order to enable end users to use CRM where they work the most while supporting their fast paced environments.
* Data Entry  Introhive simplifies how users use CRM through automation, by reducing the number of clicks they have to make in order to log new contacts, activities and call reports.Our Mission : agileDSS helps organizations to become data-driven.
Our Vision : We believe that data and people are the only strategic assets of organizations.
More than anything, we want to provide a human experience to our customers as well as to our own people.
General information : info@agiledss.com 
HR : rh@agiledss.com
Sales : sales@agiledss.comOur agents are a uniquely blended team of scientific writers, client service professionals, and marketers who provide the very best healthcare communication solutions.
We have enjoyed 18 years of helping biopharma, med device, and consumer health clients by creating compelling, compliant, and engaging healthcare communication solutions.We understand the art and science of creating an enduring bond between consumers and brands from a digital perspective, hence we strive to offer a holistic and end-to-end digital solution encompassing performance marketing, mobile app development, data analytics, social media listening and much more from a 360 perspective.Macchi di Cellere Gangemi provides legal advice and assistance in a comprehensive array of areas of law, such as Antitrust & Competition, Arbitration, Banking & Finance, Corporate & Commercial, Intellectual Property, Labour & Employment, Litigation, Mergers & Acquisitions, as well as Restructuring & Reorganisation and Tax.GraphScience is a social data and advertising company setting the standard for Facebook advertising.
Led by a team of social media advertising and technology innovators, GraphScience is headquartered in San Francisco and backed by leading investors.
GraphScience is proud to be a Facebook Preferred Marketing Developer (PMD).Strategy, Social & Programmatic  creating digital, social, communication and media strategies to help our clients reach target customers and connect more deeply with their brand and products.
Creative & Content  ideating purposeful creative to help our clients attract new customers, grow brands and build deep engagement and loyalty with the power of content.It is our mission to help enterprises unlock their data and ensure they extract maximum value from their growing data assets by delivering a full spectrum of cost-effective, results-driven data engineering and analytics services.At Random Forest Capital, we approach investment management from the perspective of data science, in which machine learning within fully non-parametric statistical models are applied to the problem of expected gains in financial investments.iSirona provides a simplified approach to medical device integration by connecting virtually any medical device to any CIS.
As of January 1, 2014, iSirona became a part of NantHealth.
This partnership expands iSironas ability to bring exciting, forward-thinking solutions to iSirona clientsand to the healthcare marketplace at large.We were founded in 2009 and have successfully raised over $40 million in funding  which has been used to create a robust predictive analytics platform called iQueue.
Since its inception, iQueue now helps 40+ healthcare providers nationwide (including 15 of the top 30 cancer centers) improve operational efficiency through predictive and prescriptive analytics.Created early July 2010, John von Neumann Institute (JVN) of Vietnam National University Ho Chi Minh City (VNU-HCM) is a Center of Excellence in Applied Mathematics, Systems Science, Knowledge Science, and Information Science.
To establish world-class standard in Viet Nam for scientific and technological research in systems science, knowledge science, applied mathematics, and information science; Thought Technology is the world's leading biofeedback and psychophysiological instrument manufacturer.
On the non-medical side, Thought Technology's Science Division provides equipment and software to be used in ergonomics, sports and educational applications  wherever accurate and sensitive psychophysiological monitoring and biofeedback are needed.Founded in 1988, Scorpion Computer Services has worked with high-net-worth individuals, Fortune 1000 companies and governments to solve infrastructure, information technology, computer security opportunities and mitigate risk by developing software solutions and deploying artificial intelligence.
Scorpion's contractor network includes a consortium of consultants with backgrounds in engineering, mathematics, data analytics, marketing, computer science, artificial intelligence and content development.Genome Life Sciences (GLS)  is a DSIR-recognized Genomics & Biomarker discovery company and a prominent provider of start-to-finish Next-Generation Sequencing and data analysis services, custom database development, contract research and bioinformatics consulting.
GLS envisions being a global leader in development of innovative bioinformatics solutions for biomarker discovery and contributing with its scientific and entrepreneurial expertise in healthcare, veterinary, agriculture, food and related industries.Edgecore Networks delivers wired and wireless networking products and solutions through channel partners and system integrators worldwide for the Data Center, Service Provider, Enterprise and SMB customers.
Edgecore Networks is the leader in open networking providing a full line of open Wi-Fi access points, PON OLT, packet optical transponders, and OCP-ACCEPTEDTM switches that offer choice of NOS and SDN software for data center, telecommunications and enterprise networks.CANARIE also supports Research Data Canada as it leads national research data management initiatives, and through the Canadian Access Federation, provides identity management services that enable secure, ubiquitous connectivity and content access to the academic community.TapInfluence is the industrys leading SaaS platform that empowers consumers to make better purchasing decisions.
Through the application of science and data, our proprietary marketplace provides an efficient way for brands and influencers to scale the creation, management and measurement of online influencer marketing programs and deliver consumers the type of meaningful and relevant content they desire.We share risk and invest alongside our corporate and startup partners via a range of collaborative options.
Our Centers and Hatches are home to a diverse range of entrepreneurs, operators and investors who are building businesses, creating and expanding markets and developing new technologies that benefit millions of people across the globe.On their journey towards digital business models Scheer GmbH offers companies dependable support with the innovative software architecture Scheer BPaaS (Business Process as a Service) and the current further development of ARIS solutions.Imec is the world-leading research and innovation hub in nanoelectronics and digital technologies.
By leveraging our world-class infrastructure and local and global ecosystem of partners across a multitude of industries, we create groundbreaking innovation in application domains such as healthcare, smart cities and mobility, logistics and manufacturing, and energy.Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility (Jefferson Lab) is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of race, color, religion, ethnicity, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, age, disability or veteran status or on any other basis prohibited by federal, state, or local law.Indigo is a company dedicated to harnessing nature to help farmers sustainably feed the planet.
With a vision of creating a world where farming is an economically desirable and accessible profession, Indigo works alongside its growers to apply natural approaches, conserve resources for future generations, and grow healthy food for all.We provide our clients with key hires that enhance customer experience & business performance across the four core markets of a digital platform: Creative, Technology, Marketing and Data.
Xcede recruit across this full digital lifecycle from designing and creating, through developing, engineering and integrating platforms, to acquiring and retaining customers and recommending business decisions through analysis, prediction and insight.Appriss provides proprietary data and analytics solutions to effectively and efficiently address safety, fraud, risk and compliance issues for government and commercial enterprises worldwide.
Our customers are leading commercial enterprises, information service providers and government agencies with focus in retail, healthcare and public safety.
For more information visit Appriss.com.For our clients, we listen to make sure we understand your situation in order to quickly deliver our best candidates for your unique environment.
For our candidates, its about making sure we understand your career goals, job requirements and other attributes that go beyond the resume to provide you with satisfying project assignments and direct-hire positions.On a mission to reinvent education, Thinkful trains people to advance their careers.
At Thinkful, were building a school that trains the workforce in the technology skills necessary to sustain innovation and growth in the economy.
We have developed a method of online teaching that emphasizes practical, sustainable skills and prepares students to achieve their career goals.Currently, ZestFinance is one of the fastest growing U.S. financial technology startups.
Our mission is to make fair and transparent credit available to everyone, and we thrive on solving hard problems that have a big impact on people's daily lives.Specialized in education and research in Information and Communication Technology (ICT), Telecom ParisTech offers a complete range of educational programs: Diplme dIngnieur (Master of Engineering), Masters Programs, PhD, Advanced Masters (Executive) and custom programs.MMS is a quality focused, global CRO that supports leading pharmaceutical and biotech companies as well as many smaller enterprises across our spectrum of services.
Continual staff training, innovative recruitment and motivating career opportunities help MMS retain the best talent and develop a strong, client-focused workforce across all global locations.Tala is a mission-driven mobile technology and data science company thats opening up financial access for underserved people globally.
Additionally, Talas work has been highlighted by Forbes, the New York Times, the Financial Times, the Wall Street Journal, TED, and Wired, among others.Through our data science and crowdsourcing, we identify qualified candidates for your job openings.
No more sourcing, no more back-and-forth emails, let Visage build your candidate pipeline.
The intelligence and automation of our platform allow employers to interview diverse candidates within 3 days of job submission.TMC | People Drive Technology
If its people who drive technology, it makes sense that we provide you with the best drivers seat available.
Entrepreneurial technologists with a crush on high tech and business push innovation and creative thinking.
Join TMC and drive your career to Employeneurship.Since our founding over 25 years ago, Landover has played an important role in the New York area technology revolution, placing thousands of technical people in hundreds of the best companies.
Our prestigious portfolio of clients includes the most promising tech startups and Fortune 100 companies.
Landover specializes in contingency recruiting of the most sought after financial technology and web development people.The company's technology enables a wide variety of basic research and translational medicine applications, including biomarker discovery and validation.
Leading researchers are finding that NanoString's nCounter system provides the ideal platform on which to validate their discoveries and translate them into clinically useful diagnostic assays.Capitol Technology University is the only independent college in Maryland dedicated to engineering, computer science, information technology and business.
Capitol is designated as a National Center of Academic Excellence in Information Assurance Education by the National Security Agency and Department of Homeland Security.Its CloudSOC platform empowers the companies to confidently leverage Cloud and SaaS applications while staying safe, secure and compliant.
The following Elastica Apps on the extensible CloudSOC platform enable full life cycle of visibility & security for the Cloud and SaaS applications being used in your company:NORC at the University of Chicago is an objective and non-partisan research institution that delivers reliable data and rigorous analysis to guide critical programmatic, business, and policy decisions.
For more than 75 years, NORC at the University of Chicago has delivered reliable data and rigorous analysis to guide critical decisions on some of the most important issues society has faced.Remedy Partners delivers software and services that enable payers, employers and at-risk providers to organize and finance healthcare delivery around a patient's episode of care.
Remedy Partners presently delivers its services to partners at more than 1,000 healthcare locations nationwide.We apply technology and data science to improve outcomes for consumers and those who serve them.
As a trusted intermediary for over 35 years, we have unmatched access to billions of consumer and business transactions in real time.
Our analytics, platforms and services enable engagement with shoppers and patients, and optimize results.Located in one of the worlds fastest growing hubs of innovation, technology and new industries, the Rady School integrates the MBA curriculum with direct access to, and the opportunity to work with, world-renowned visionaries, business leaders and venture capitalists.HOW IT WORKS: We customize our services geared towards your specific goals/projects and ask the right questions to help determine the exact type of technical talent you needed to complete your team or project.Were able to make those connections because our advertising, public relations, medical communications, digital, data science, research and market access specialists work closely with each other and with healthcare experts, including physicians, pharmacists and advocates.
Together, we are the connected healthcare partner tapping rich insights to drive innovation, change behavior and pioneer a new era of accountable marketing.Advanced Analytics at Enterprise Scale
Alpine Chorus' visual programming interface and lightweight deployment process delivers solutions that harness the power of parallel computing platforms and conducts advanced analytics at enterprise scale.
Alpine Chorus is highly accessible and easy to use, enabling data experts and business analysts alike to work across organizational barriers and collaboratively utilize Advanced Analytics to make critical business decisions.Analyzing the world's travel intent signals with its proprietary data science methods, the company has delivered more than $10B in direct bookings for its clients to date by activating multi-channel branding and performance solutions on the Sojern Traveler Platform.SocialCode is comprised of 300+ smart, innovative, passionate, accountable and humble professionals solving big challenges to power smarter, more profitable brands.
We are pioneers in technology and engineering, product management, data science, marketing, media and analytics.
We are driven by our vision and values, and invest deeply in developing our people to create the greatest long-term value and impact on our clients.Videology (videologygroup.com) is a leading software provider for converged TV and video advertising.
Our math and science-based technology enables our customers to manage, measure and optimize digital video and TV advertising to achieve the best results in the converging media landscape.LifeLock is a modern identity theft protection company.
Since 2005, we have been a leading provider of proactive identity theft protection services for consumers.
We leverage unique data, science and patented technology and provide identity threat detection and comprehensive remediation services.#Bigdataguys consults fortune 500 companies on using blockchain technologies, artificial intelligence, & data science to enhance their operations.
#Bigdataguys intensive boot camps give professionals the tools they need to successfully work on consulting projects for fortunate 100 companies such as Google, Nvidia, Microsoft, & Oracle.The focus of the DSF meetup is to provide free monthly community data events, leading towards the London Data Science Festival.
What is the London Data Science Festival?
The London Data Science Festival is a free, week long, annual, celebration of all things data science.
Who is this meetup and the Data Science Festival for?We recruit the following professionals in the UK, DACH Region, UAE and USA:
	Chief Data Scientists
	Chief Data Officers
	Data Analytics Managers
	Data Scientists
	Data Architects
	Data Analysts
	Data EngineersNYC Data Academy offers excellent training at affordable pricing while giving you the tools you need to stay on the leading edge.
With an expert team of data scientists with many years of combined experience, the NYC Data Science Academy team is as enthusiastic as it is skilled.ASI is the EMEA-based leader in data innovation.
We believe firmly in providing innovative, simple and easy to implement solutions that generate business value.
We offer a comprehensive package of services including consulting, training and sourcing outstanding data specialists from our very own data science fellows and community.Silicon Valley Data Science was a consulting firm specializing in business transformation through data science and engineering.
We are a company of experienced software engineers, architects, data scientists, strategists, and designers who specialize in data driven product development and experimentation.IBM is empowering data professionals to transform raw data into business outcomes through the power of data science.
By bringing together the best of open source and IBM technology in a cloud-based, collaborative environment, we are helping organizations to realize the value of data science faster and to speed their transformation into cognitive businesses.Deep Data Science (Sabr Albayanat) is Saudi Arabia's leading data science solutions and training company.
-We focus on the biggest and highest-value opportunities
-We embed insights into actions to deliver value across your organization
Solutions: BANKING AND SECURITIES ANALYTICS, GOVERNMENT ANALYTICS, COMMUNICATION ANALYTICS, INSURANCE ANALYTICS, REAL ESTATE ANALYTICS, and RETAIL AND WHOLESALE TRADE ANALYTICS.Learn data science by building with Algoritma!
We are a data science education center that train individuals and/or clients to obtain the necessary data science skills that are needed in today's market.
We offer a variety of short-duration data science workshops and bootcamps that will help kickstart the participant's career in one of the most sought-after profession today.Because of the interdisciplinary nature of data science, the Center collaborates with many departments within NYU, including anthropology, biology, business, computer science, economics, education, information systems, law, linguistics, mathematics, physics, politics, psychology, public health and sociology.
As it grows, the Center will attract new scientists and graduate students whose primary research and teaching activities revolve around data science.At Cappra Data Science, we help businesses make better decisions.
We provide expert data science services, based on our researches and best practices of market leaders, that help clients optimize their ability to leverage data and turn it into actionable insight.Mosaic employs data science consultants who enjoy doing the hard mathematical work behind the scenes and using these insights to change the way decisions are made.
Our consultants will bring cutting edge methods from statistics, operations research, machine learning, decision science, cognitive science, software engineering, business intelligence, human factors, and organizational behavior.Jheronimus Academy of Data Science is a unique academy situated in the Netherlands.
In three different locations Data Science can be studied, researched and applied through bachelor and graduate programs, PDeng education, Data Science Centers and incorporation into existing ecosystems.ACT Operations Research (ACTOR) is a math-engineering company specialized in providing corporate decision-making software and process control solutions.
Our over 20 years of operations research in predictive analytics, supply chain and logistics projects in transportation and maritime applications are applied to offer optimized itinerary planning and revenue management technology to help clients cut costs and improve profits based on advanced analytics.Founded in 2013, ITOrizon is a Global IT Services company that combines rich industry expertise with technical innovation to help e-Commerce, Multi-channel Retail, Department Stores, Mass Merchants, Wholesale Distribution, 3PL, Consumer Goods, Apparel & Footwear, Sports Merchandise, Grocery, Life Science/Medical Devices, Pharmaceuticals, Banking and Insurance clients to get the most value out of their Supply Chain, IT and Digital Business Operations.We help our customers grow and compete through the choice of right technology platforms and the latest innovations.
- SAP ERP Supply Chain add-on's - Extended Warehouse Management (EWM), Integrated Business Planning (IBP), and Financial Supply Chain Management ( FSCM)
- Product development for charities using PaaS, AI & MLWe are an IIT-Madras incubated company founded by a group of IITians and technologists with a strong industry background and rich experience including IIT-Madras, IIT-Kharagpur and IIM-Ahmedabad alumni, with over 18 years of Industry experience across Wipro, Nortel, Ericsson, Alcatel-Lucent, AT&T, Vodafone, Telstra, Bharti-Airtel, Aircel, Avaya, Cisco et al.Adverity is connecting data from marketing tools and sources across all channels and enables a more efficient reporting, better decision making and an improved marketing performance.
Our clients - both brands and agencies - leverage the platform to manage their data supply chain, generate a clean data stack and create a 360 overview of all their marketing activities as well as a performance outlook of their media channels.We are a Silicon Valley based organization with a primary focus on Business Process Consulting and Enterprise Analytics and Data Science.
Our strong network of independent consultants helps us bring the best talent to bear on any client problem.
Our domain knowledge helps us understand your problems quickly and our team need minimal supervision reducing your cost of engagement.AbacusBio are international leaders in the application of science and technology in agriculture, horticulture, and aquaculture.
We combine science and business expertise to grow our clients revenue and profit.
Our consultants work globally on industry-leading initiatives across the primary food supply chain, with specific skill-sets in biological and data science, production system economics, strategy and investment, and technology.LifCare is Indias largest Subscription pharmacy for chronic patients and is making chronic health management affordable and convenient for everyone.
LifCare aims to enhance the whole pharmacy experience for patients by providing a relationship-oriented, technology-driven and convenient environment.
From proactive monthly refills to updating dosages to making sure adherence improves, we at LifCare take care of everything.The Shore To Shore trio provide its customers with a single source convenience, providing a complete range of sustainable Apparel Labelling, Print Packaging & Textile Transfer solutions to the global fashion retailers & Apparel manufacturers.
18 Years Heritage | Global reach | A Superior product portfolio| Customer driven excellence | S2S Print Shop Needle Point Apparel Labeling & Printing Solutions.VISEO Data & Process, a VISEO Group Business Unit, helps the operational implementation of its clients strategic transformation plans.
We act from scoping phases to projects implementations, their national and international deployments, AMS and 24/7 monitoring for critical applications.
VISEO Data & Process addresses all business sectors and offering vertical solutions for Luxury, Cosmetology, Retail, Agri-food and Services.XAMCHECK is built on the deep sectoral experience of its mother company Policy Innovations.
Policy Innovations was founded in 2009 and consulted for various orgs for impact evaluation and product development in the education sector.
2.	Our article on evolution of the company - https://medium.com/@naveen_mandava/the-evolution-of-xamcheck-d482976942e0
3.	Our article on future of education - https://medium.com/@naveen_mandava/be-a-chameleon-not-an-unicorn-in-the-education-market-a0507d45fd36Our platform ingests and analyzes vast quantities of technical data on materials, chemicals, and devices to streamline R&D, manufacturing, and supply chain operations for any organization that produces a physical product.Climate Earth combines the art of big data analytics with the science of life cycle assessment to create cost effective solutions to help manage environmental impacts throughout your companys product portfolio and supply chain.
Our cost effective solutions include scalable, on-demand Environmental Product Declarations (EPD), sustainable supply chain management, climate change risk management and natural capital management.We aim at providing sustainable business solutions to our clients across diverse sectors.
Mr Raj Subramanian is the Founder & CEO of ECS Inc. Prior to  ECS Inc, he has worked with  Gartner Inc. in Greater New York City, USA.Fabriq is a new approach to whole building optimisation, delivering next-generation digital connectivity services to building users, operators and owners.
P.S> For those of you who have been tracking us for a while, Fabriq is the new name for EnergyDeck Ltd.However, extracting the most valuable nuggets of business intelligence from these heaps of data requires expertise beyond what a typical IT department can provide.
Ascension Analytics finds that companies are sitting on mountains of relevant data, but they lack expertise to distill it into valuable nuggets of business intelligence.ORMAE, registered in the United States, UAE, New Zealand & India, provides Operations Research and Data Science services with a focus on the Supply Chain, Automotive, Transportation, E-commerce, ITeS/Call Center, Telecommunications, Healthcare, Chemical and Manufacturing Industries.
The team includes scientists from top-tier institutes with a strong background in Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Data Science and Computer Science.TRANSFORMING THE SUPPLY CHAIN
Transform the way you look at drug distribution across the supply chain
Our world-leading cloud temperature management solution is designed with pharma for pharma.
We provide a tailored, tracker-independent, temperature management solution for the life science industry.Launched in March 2016 by the global supply-chain logistics company, Brambles, the company combines physical platforms with Internet of Things technologies that go beyond traditional boundaries to provide a more connected, intelligent and efficient supply chain.
BXB Digital harnesses the scale, supply-chain expertise and insights that come from Brambles end-to-end involvement in the worlds supply chains.FurstPerson empowers companies with data-driven intelligence to hire and keep high-performing people.
The company consists of inquisitive professionals who challenge traditional thinking in the pursuit of creative solutions that improve talent-driven hiring decisions in work-at-home and brick-and-mortar facilities.
FurstPersons digital talent assessment solutions deliver an average return of $34 for every $1 invested when combined with Employee Lifecycle Analytics.Welcome to Renault Digital!
Digitalizing Renault core business for its employees, partners and clients worldwide!
We're working to build tomorrows digital abilities and scope.
We have based our approach on an inspiring start-up ecosystem.
We will work with multidisciplinary teams to support strategic digital projects, aimed at digitalizing all the automotive core business.Making intelligent connections in the global Data Analytics, Data Science and Actuarial Markets.
Talent Insights Group is a specialist recruitment company focusing on Data Analytics, Data Science, Data Engineering, Actuarial, Customer Insights, Digital Analytics, and Business Intelligence.
Actuarial, Data Analytics, Data Science, Data Engineering, Customer Insights, Marketing Analysis, Business Intelligence, Campaigns, Advanced Modelling, Client Management, Consulting.For us the real value for 6500+ business endeavors lies in accomplishing the clients' business goals and objectives with minimum inputs involved.
We make sure that our clients get the real business value for their investments through strategic positioning of the business at the vantage points and the advantage of offshore quality work at a competitive cost.Inspur is one of the eight national secure and reliable computer information system integration key enterprises, and independently developed China's first mainframe for key applications - TSK1, making Inspur the fifth company and China, after the United States and Japan, the third country that masters core technologies of high-end servers.We have successfully engaged for more than 10 years now with large IT, telecom, IT captives of large business groups and ITeS companies to help them with flexi hiring (skilled contract manpower supply).
o	SAP HANA Database management
o	SAP Sybase Database management
o	Oracle Database management
o	Microsoft SQL Database management
o	IBM DB2 Database management
5.	Outsource  application development (.net and Java)The Sellinger School has more than 60 faculty members and 2,000 students enrolled in undergraduate and graduate business programs.
At the graduate level, the Sellinger School offers part-time, weekend, and full-time MBA programs to address the busy schedules and varying career stages of professionals seeking a leadership degree.Here in New Zealand we develop integrated IT solutions for laboratories, hospitals and healthcare providers that are designed to bring benefits including improved patient clinical services and efficiency advances.
We also supply clinical instrumentation, providing our customers with direct access to the advanced technologies and innovations developed by Sysmex Corporation.Operating in 5 countries, DataSpark brings a rich background of deep and relevant technical and domain expertise.
We combine rich carrier datasets, scalable platforms and innovative solutions to enable a deep understanding of mobility patterns of people.
Our relevant domain expertise allows us to build data products and services to deliver high business impact.Founded in the year of 2000, eSpace was the brain child of a group of computer science graduates who later teamed up with experienced computer science professors to build a world class organization that applies and advances technology for the welfare of people and for the realization of technological visions.
Our team has the creative vision and talented brains to serve its customers to the fullest.Root is the first insurance company founded on the principle of fundamental fairness.
At Root we only insure good drivers, and that is why our rates are always fair.
Unlike other insurance companies, we do not bundle good drivers with bad drivers.
Instead, we use data science to find and reward good drivers with the best rates.From offices in London, Hong Kong, Singapore, Bangkok, Kuala Lumpur and Dubai, our consultants work within specialist teams recruiting for permanent, interim and temporary positions.
We deliver a genuinely consultative service that is underpinned by the depth of both our market knowledge and the client and candidate networks we have developed.The product utilizes machine learning algorithms to dramatically increase the accuracy, intelligence and speed of learning of complex data elements and data relationships throughout the entire business environment.
Io-Tahoe acts as a foundation that enables businesses to leverage their data knowledge across the entire enterprise in whichever way most advances their organization.Peanut Labs is a fast-growing innovation, technology, and social media monetization business.
Peanut Labs is an innovator in online market research, monetization, and advertising.
http://go.peanutlabs.com/newsletter
Samplify is an easy to use tool for gaining access to the targeted people youd like to survey.Market Equations  Research | Data Analytics | Outsourcing 
Market Equations India customers gain access to the combined capabilities of a result oriented Research and Analytics team comprising of Subject Matter Experts, Industry, Business and Financial Analysts, Statisticians, Programmers, Management Graduates & Science and Technology professionals from premier educational institutions in India.Launched in 2012, our award-winning Viper pod is one of STATSports leading performance monitoring devices for elite sports teams on the market.
APEX has changed the sports technology and sports science space by providing teams with a device five years more advanced than any competing devices on the market.The Institute works as an innovator, partner, advocate, and convener to bridge the gap between knowledge and implementation and promote access to universal reproductive health and family planning for all.
Family Planning Voices (FP Voices) Installation
International Conference on Family Planning (ICFP)
International Youth Alliance for Family Planning (IYAFP)As a digital technology and services company, Entercoms achieves true transformation of the entire service chain through business-driven IP, analytical models, domain expertise, operations support services and cross-industry best practices.
Entercoms transforms service chains through our unique mix of IP technology, non-disruptive engagement model, outcome and performance-based managed services, and rapid time to value.The program features the same leading UC Berkeley faculty and data science professionals who teach on campus.
This page is managed by the datascience@berkeley communications staff.
In addition to leaving comments, questions, and feedback on this page, you can also email our social media manager, Jenna Dutcher, at jdutcher@berkeley.edu.Since that time the GEO-data group has diversified and specialized in different geological and geo-technical areas.
A trademark of the GEO-data group is the complete in-house development of all components required for our services including the construction of mud logging units, the analytical equipment and the highly specialized data acquisition and visualization software.Softweb Solutions Inc. is a tech consulting and development company with offices in Chicago and Dallas.
Enterprise mobility - Developing apps across all platforms by covering strategy, design, engineering, testing, deployment and management 
Open source services - Building mission-critical apps and systems based on open source technologies With Livspace, customers can discover thousands of interior designs for all types of rooms, personalize the design - by color, material, style - to their liking, and get the exact look for their homes in a matter of weeks.- 7,500 trainees each year in 400 continuing education programmes or advanced training courses
Today, thanks to the acknowledged skills of its teachers, searchers, students, trainees and its whole staff, the ENAC university is looking to strengthen its influence throughout the world, being always committed in its field of excellence : aeronautics.Software is changing the world.
InfoQ, a news and community site with content currently published in English, Chinese, Japanese,Brazilian Portuguese and French empowers software developers to be agents of change in their industries.
Download our latest eMag : http://bit.ly/2nuwhRB
Listen to our  podcast series on Soundcloud or iTunes https://soundcloud.com/infoq-channel 
https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-infoq-podcast/id1106971805?mt=2
Download the featured eMag: http://bit.ly/2BcwHCkIn order to accomplish this, we invite other knowledge institutions, authorities, citizens, and the business community to work together with us on new insights and valuable solutions for society.
Moreover, we are known for our international orientation: students from 100 countries currently study here, so our campus really is a global village of diversity.
-	1736 international students with 100 different nationalitiesFounded and run by visionary Data Scientist trained at MIT & Harvard, with leadership experience from companies like GE, Target & Oracle among others.
We operate from Boston, Sunnyvale, Singapore & Bangalore, with Enterprise clients which are customer data driven.
Our clients include fortune 500 companies across High Tech, Retail/ E-commerce & Financial.180.ai provides a thought leader thinking of leading digital solutions in the integration of data driven, creativity led and context native.Specializing in using innovative ideas and technologies to help brands thrive in todays cross-media landscape.
 storytelling, engagement, entertainment and topicality thinking  to create effective connections with consumers.
Think Divergent and Act Fast.* Insights Success 10 Fastest Growing Financial Solution Provider Companies, 2016
* Silicon Reviews 20 Fastest Growing Big Data Companies, 2016
* CIO Reviews 100 Most Promising Big Data Solution Providers, 2015
* Stevies Awards Best New Product of the Year Award, Big Data Software Solution category, 2015 Part-Time and Online Graduate Education in Engineering and Applied Sciences for Working Professionals
Applied Biomedical Engineering
Applied and Computational Mathematics
Civil Engineering
Electrical and Computer Engineering
Engineering Management
Environmental Engineering
Environmental Engineering and Science
Environmental Planning and Management
Information Systems Engineering
Materials Science and Engineering
Space Systems Engineering
Systems EngineeringBeautiful Destinations is a media company that seeks to make the world a better place through the sharing of authentic, inspirational and immersive travel stories.
Every day, we produce and curate content that showcases the beauty of the world and inspires people to get out and travel.Our Passion is Revenue Assurance: CHOICE was founded by a group of data scientists determined to develop a robust new theft analytics solution to help utilities drive down non-technical revenue losses with little or no impact on operational costs.Pusat Ilmu Komputer Universitas Indonesia (Pusilkom UI) is an academic venture unit under the Faculty of Computer Science, University of Indonesia.
Pusilkom UI's mission is to align between the academic world and the industrial world.
Pusilkom UI focuses on 4 services in Information Technology, which is Consultancy, Data Processing, Information System Development, and Training.Exterro, Inc. is the preferred provider of software specifically designed for in-house legal and IT teams at global 2000 organizations.
Built on an open architecture platform, Exterro's e-discovery and information governance software integrates with existing IT, HR and legal systems to deliver complete visibility into all critical data required for managing information assets more efficiently.We provide a fast and reliable integration of Hadoop and related technologies into enterprise operations.
DataMetica is recognized throughout the world as the knowledgeable team with the most mature and reliable architecture and implementation methods.
We have strong products engineering studio around Big Data technologies and Analytics.We are leaders in the field of data science and analytics and we have developed a reputation for helping clients solve their most complex technical challenges by unlocking the power of their data, enabling them to make better-informed business decisions.
We also support oil and gas engineers with the computational challenges of exploration and production, from reservoir modelling to writing control systems.Hey is a place where artistry and data science work together to bring success to our clients.
Our team of content creators and digital media experts work side by side to create solutions that engage audiences across the customer journey.
Brands that want to show up powerfully and credibly online work with us.Through innovative thinking, carefully defined processes and effective use of technology solutions, Addx is passionate about helping government transform and building partnerships that deliver the highest levels of performance and productivity.
We match our technical capabilities and program management experience with our tenacity for success to create customized, efficient and innovative solutions for each customers unique mission.This page is managed by the DataScience@SMU communications staff.
In addition to leaving comments, questions and feedback on this page, you can also email our social media manager, social@datascience.smu.edu.
Any posts containing inappropriate content, including profanity, impolite remarks or unofficial promotions, will be removed and are subject to the discretion of the Data Science@SMU and SMU staff.Citrus is a Customer Relationships & Loyalty Consultancy with offices in Sydney, Melbourne and Adelaide.
Citrus is a leading Australian Go-to-Market partner of the Salesforce Marketing Cloud, and the world's leading Customer Identity & Access Management Platform, Gigya.The company publishes the weekly editions of its flagship publication, BioCentury, and BioCentury Week in Review, plus daily editions of BioCentury Extra.
BioCentury also publishes BioCentury Innovations a weekly translational science journal.We operate in the executive mid-market typically in the range of $120K to $400K base salaries
Corporate strategy & M&A/Corp Development roles in-house as well as well partnering with select prof services firms.
Digital Marketing, Online & eCommerce, Product Management, Product Analysts,  Category Management.
Recruiting Senior Finance Executives to CFO level.VISION - Being a reference research center, education and ethics in studying Accounting Science, Administration, Economics and Finances in Esprito Santo and in the whole country.
 Emphasis on researches seeking effective solutions for problems experienced by companies;
 Accounting Interface with other business area courses: Administration, Economics and Law;SalesPredict helps B2B companies increase revenues by identifying who their best prospects and accounts *really* are and providing insights that help marketing & sales teams target inbound and outbound efforts more effectively to improve conversion rates and accelerate sales cycles.Health IQ believes in improving the health of the world by celebrating the health conscious with social and financial rewards.
We've secured more than $3.5 billion in life insurance coverage for Health Conscious groups such as cyclists, runners, weightlifters, high intensity interval training athletes, tennis players and swimmers, vegans, vegetarians, avid fitness enthusiasts and dedicated athletes.- Eastern Visayas Regional Science Teaching Center (RSTC), Department of Science and Technology (DOST)
- DOST / DepEd - University of the Philippines National Institute for Science and Mathematics Education Development (UP NISMED)
- UEP Laboratory High School (Science Stream)
- UEP ADFC High School (UEP - Asian Development Foundation College)We support and back them to build careers and expertise in a whole range of fields, many of which are unique to LINZ  from geospatial science, hydrography and topography to property law, valuation and surveying; from data analytics to iwi relations, public land management, policy and corporate.Yandex Data Factory provides AI solutions that improve operational efficiency of industrial companies.
Yandex Data Factory solutions deliver directly measurable results, such as increased productivity, cost reduction, and improved energy efficiency.
Founded in 2014, Yandex Data Factory is headquartered in Amsterdam and operates worldwide.Keen IO is an event data platform and API used by more than 3,000 customers to capture, enrich, analyze, and embed custom event data at a truly massive scale.
Keen IO is a core platform to customers in a variety of industries, including media, e-commerce, adTech, gaming, IoT and retail.Materials Design, Inc. is the leader in computational materials engineering on atomic scale.
Using our MedeA high performance modeling environment, you will complement and focus your experiments and traditional materials models to gain a deeper understanding of your materials, to rapidly assess a broad range of properties, and to efficiently evaluate improvement scenarios.GreyCampus transforms careers through skills and certification training.
We offer live-online (instructor-led online), classroom (instructor-led classroom) and e-learning (online self-learning ) courses.
Our growing suite of accredited courses is constantly upgraded to address the career enhancement goals of working professionals.The most successful organizations in the world are harnessing their Big Data, our job is to help the find the best way how.
Our decade long focus in this area has led us to leading solutions that help our clients achieve and sustain success.Born out of printing, Sandy Alexander has evolved into a multi-platform, multi-channel marketing communications company.
We leverage our communication-centric resources in the studio, print, in direct marketing solutions, and in develop retail visual merchandising campaigns.
  Color Science: Our world-class color scientist is able to go beyond the G7 certification, printing across all substrates and platforms while continually providing color consistency in every project.For nearly a century, since 1905, the ESME Sudria has been training engineers in the fields of Electrical Engineering, Electronics, Telecommunications, and Computer Engineering.
The ESME-Sudria engineering diploma is a Masters Degree signed by the French Education Ministry.Elder Research is a recognized industry leader in the science, practice, and technology of advanced analytics with vast experience in data transformation and model construction.
Experience with diverse projects and algorithms, advanced validation techniques, and innovative model combination methods (ensembles) enables Elder Research to maximize project success for a continued return on analytics investment.It all adds up to a flexible, tailor-made talent management service that you can count on for better returns and ultimately helps you achieve your business objectives.
Flexsource is part of Cpl Group, delivering recruitment and talent management services internationally to transform businesses in to higher performing organizations.Sentient Science, a trusted third party to operators, provides material science and data science-based life prediction and life extension actions for major systems and critical components in the wind energy, aerospace and transportation markets.
Sentient's DigitalClone Software helps equipment owners/operators and their suppliers reduce costs by a goal of 13% of revenues.Our purpose is to make our agriculture and horticulture industries more competitive and sustainable through factual, evidence-based advice, information and activity:
   We raise awareness of food and where it comes from among school children and we help ensure the agriculture and horticulture industries are able to develop and attract workers with the skills they needNextBio is the provider of an innovative platform that enables life science researchers to search, discover, and share knowledge locked within public and proprietary data.
NextBio helps organizations increase productivity and dramatically improve collaboration across therapeutic groups and geographic boundaries.
NextBio is delivered as a SaaS (Software as a Service) solution resulting in quick deployment and rapid return on investment.RISE SICS is a research organization in the most expansive industrial sector this century: The Information Industry.
Society is shifting towards an economy based on information as the resource and SICS is in the midst of this revolution, boosting the competitive strength of Swedish industry and the quality and efficiency of Swedens public sector.Our Relationship Commerce Cloud is coupled with deep data science and a team of marketing and merchandising experts that drive an increase in purchase frequency and annual spend for brands and retailers including Walmart, Nestle, PetSmart, Vitamin Shoppe, illy, LOreal and hundreds of others.Foresight Factory works with some of the world's leading companies to help them 'Own the Future'.
We give our 200+ clients access to predictive insights from 50,000 consumer voices and a 300- strong global Trendspotter network spanning 28 markets.
We also work with clients on a consultancy basis, undertaking custom projects to help answer complex questions and stay ahead.This is a unique and intensive coaching and training program so that they create a highly accelerated career start and successful integration into the business world.
On the other hand we guarantee our clients the necessary inflow, the accelerated integration and retention of IT top talent.Flexible.
Wonolo provides a B2B marketplace that allows businesses to find vetted talent immediately.
Wonolo removes the friction for companies to find talent for on-demand hourly or daily job needs, while creating freedom through flexibility for job seekers.
Wonolo is currently available in SF, LA, Chicago, and NYC and expanding.Each year, CTV manages more than 350 invention disclosures, 100 license deals, and 20+ new IP-backed start-ups, involving over 750 inventors across Columbia's campuses.
Columbia Technology Ventures has a particular focus on start-up companies.
Over the years, CTV has been involved with launching over 200 companies based on Columbia's technologies.Fenchurch Associates are a recruitment agency for permanent and contract resources across the UK and Europe.
To date, Insurance recruitment is our core business and were proud to say, our customers believe were good at it.
	Cyber Security & Technology Risk e.g. Penetration tester, Technology Risk ManagerAcademy Award-winning Vicon specialize in developing accessible motion capture technology that delivers the most precise, reliable data in any movement analysis application.
Weve won an Academy-Award, an Emmy and several Queens Awards for Export & Innovation to name a few, but thats not what drives us  its the needs of our customers in over 70 countries around the world and the amazing work they do with our technology.Being a Technology & Solution Consulting company, we co-build technology products to help companies accelerate growth.
Over 100 US-based and 200 worldwide businesses have chosen us as their Technology Consulting Partner.
Our services:
Engineering services
Technology Consulting
 Cloud Services
Technology expertise:
 HTML, CSS, UI JavaScript
 Cloud Technologies 
 Full Stack JavaScriptHyperakt is an independent New York City design firm with a passion for creating work that effects change in the world around us.
Hyperakt has created brand identities, websites, printed communications and data visualizations for clients like Google, UNICEF, United Nations, Ford Foundation, Acumen Fund, Thomson Reuters Foundation, U.S. Federal Government, GOOD Magazine, The New York Times, Popular Science, NAACP, ACLU, Adobe, Focus Features, Nikon, and Penguin Books, among others.Domio is a technology company that seamlessly blends the consistency, programming, and lifestyle of a global hotel brand into the vibrancy of the alternative lodging space.
We came together from across the hospitality, real estate, and tech industries, to create an elevated travel experience that inspires exploration without sacrificing comfort.
Domio was born specifically for next-gen travelers to drive innovation, exploration, and discovery.o  Petrophysical interpretation
o  Well Log & Maps digitization
o  Dipmeter digitization & interpretation
o  2D and 3D Seismic Interpretation
o  Seismic Trace Digitizing 
o  Magnetic tape transcription System
o  Magnetic tape storage systemExisting data warehousing and business intelligence solutions must adapt quickly to new sources and formats of data as well as to increasing volumes of data and more sophisticated user demands.
dataScience will work with you to connect your business intelligence and analytics strategies to deliver decision support solutions aligned with the needs of the business.Data in Science Technologies (DST) makes sense of the worlds data for analytics and modeling in government, healthcare and research organizations.
Through our custom solutions, we help solve common data management struggles in High Performance Computing (HPC) and Big Data.
HPC: Managed & Assessment SolutionsData Science Retreat is the only data science program in with chief-data-scientist-level mentors.
DSR helps people with coding experience and quantitative training to ramp-up rapidly for a data science career.
Our program enables graduates to build portfolio products and move to leading roles with impact on the company, product, and customers.The Brussels Data Science Community, is the European voice for data scientists with a conscience.
We are the nicest community of Data Scientists in the world.
  be a knowledge hub for data scientists, we are open to everybody.
"Our ultimate goal is to make the difference by applying our science and knowledge on social challenges."Data Science Society aim is to accelerate ethical and open innovation by promoting better collaboration between science, education and business.
Finally recognition of Data Science.
workshops, online platform for better collaboration on projects, exchange of know-how, Education development in that area (certificates, programs) and collaborating on different projects.Its membership consists of practitioners and suppliers who offer a range of analytical and technical services, companies with an interest in the commercial advantages gained through the analysis of big data, universities who are developing our understanding of data science and their associates, the next generation of data scientists.We are an independent and non-profit organization with objective to create Data Driven Culture in Indonesia.
Data Science Indonesia was established in May 2015 to champion data-driven technology in the spirit of public-private partnership as well as to engage both technical and non-technical audience to practice the culture.The S2DS programme provides participants with experience solving real-life data problems, providing them with the commercial skills needed in business.
Our S2DS programme runs for five weeks and is available at our London campus as well as online, via our Virtual campus.
* Five-week programme, at our London campus or online via our Virtual campusFor 25 years, Data Science Automation  (DSA) has been a premier automation systems integrator, leveraging commercial off-the-shelf tools in the design and implementation of custom-engineered, complete, and highly-adaptive solutions in laboratory automation, embedded/new product development, manufacturing and test automation.
Quality Control & Automated Test
Data Management & ReportingData Science Game is a French association run by volunteer data scientists and students, supported by Paris-Saclay University.
Each year, we organize an international data science competition for students.
For any question,  don't hesitate to send a mail to: contact@datasciencegame.com, we will reply as soon as possible.
Twitter : @datasciencegame #DSG16 
Facebook : /Datasciencegame
Google+ DataScienceGame DSGEstablished in 2011, Intellipaat is a leading provider of the most sought after training certifications worldwide.
There are two modes of training - Instructor-led Online Training and Self-Paced e-Learning that are available as Intellipaat offerings.
Intellipaat stands out for providing high quality, cost-effective training.
 The training courses prepare learners for Professional Certification Exams.We are a data analytics and process-engineering firm that turns customer satisfaction into a science and demonstrates staggering ROI.
Create happier customers  We increased customer satisfaction for a major client, reducing lost revenue by 0.4% and providing $4.4 million in annual savings.Since 1977 we have offered business innovative application solutions and reliable IT infrastructure, according to the new technologies development.
A group of computer science advisers with a wide knowledge of business issues has evolved into a professional team to ensure an established method of project management.
TRAVEL MANAGEMENT
* Business Travel ArrangementFounded in 1977, CSP is a leading company in ICT consultancy, design and development of application software.
In 2014 born CSP Labs Ltd, a new headquarter focused on the proposal of innovative IT services and higly specialized area of Business Intelligence.Metabiota  is  a  pioneer  in  comprehensive  risk  analytics  that  improve  the worlds  resilience  to  epidemics.
Built  on  a  strong  foundation  of  epidemiology  and  international  field  science, including  a  worldwide  network  of  on-the ground  experts,  Metabiota  delivers  actionable,  data-driven  insights  that  help  countries,Longviews 25+ years of corporate planning domain knowledge with Tidemarks state of the art cloud-based platform deliver the most robust and innovative corporate planning solutions in the market place.
Longviews 25+ years of domain knowledge and experience, combined with our state of the art on-premise and cloud-based platform, deliver the most robust and innovative performance management solution in the market place.Remember how we all had one low-expectation definition of a thermostat, until there was Nest?
The result: Teams and individuals get unmatched and science-backed analyses, forecasts and insights, exactly when they need them.
People who can amplify our culture and exceed every expectation, goal and odd set before them.Our proven solutions ensure that you are not only driving your company in the right direction but also looking at every opportunity to improve your business processes, operations, and the speed at which your organization can operate at its peak performance.
Modern Analytics has developed Model Factory, the worlds first completely automated predictive analytics platform that enables you to optimize your strategies.Karmic has a 7 year successful track record of executing 100+ Clinical Trials and 80+ Clinical Data Management & Bio-Statistics Projects (Phase I to IV) besides supporting Study Design, Medical & Scientific Writing for over 100 protocols across broad-based therapeutic areas including Oncology, Cardiovascular, Diabetes, Neurology, Auto-Immune Diseases, Ophthalmology, Medical Devices etc.Vicomtech is an applied research centre specialising in Advanced Interaction technologies, Computer Vision, Data Analytics, Computer Graphics and Language Technologies.
It belongs to Graphicsmedia.net, a strategic alliance of international applied research centres working in computer graphics and multimedia technologies.
 Conducts applied research and develops multimedia visual interaction and communications technologies.RoundPegg unleashes your organizations true business potential using culture science to galvanize your workforce.
By aggregating the personal values of everyone in a company, RoundPegg is able to provide data-driven culture insights that inform strategy, while delivering customized tactics to hire, develop and engage employees in ways that are consistent with each organizations culture.ADVANCED, established in 2002.
ADVANCED Marketing and Intelligence works with individuals focused on spreading the word about a technology and/or product and their individual brand as well as their companies brand.
The ADVANCED name is a brand that is recognized throughout the financial and technology industry.At KNIME, we build software for fast, easy and intuitive access to advanced data science, helping organizations drive innovation.
Our KNIME Analytics Platform is the leading open solution for data-driven innovation, designed for discovering the potential hidden in data, mining for fresh insights, or predicting new futures.ITCL has a regular and growing presence in projects with national and international companies, with an intense and effective cooperative relationship with the other technology centers, universities and scientific institutions, and an ongoing commitment to the principles of excellence and continuous improvement and, most importantly, the will to continue to contribute to the generation of knowledge to provide better services to businesses and organizations.InfomatiX is an agile analytics thought leader and strategic BI consultant professional services firm that ignites innovation in Business Intelligence by partnering to turn Big data into enterprise knowledge.
Our goal is to leverage agile analytic capabilities of global organizations to turn big data into augmented business value and lasting competitive advantage.Rinalytics is a specialized executive search and executive research firm focused on Analytics and Risk Management leadership talent hiring.
Founded by veterans in the search business, with deep subject matter expertise and reach leveraged through industry leaders as its board members.AID Add Intelligence to Data is a data agency specialised in consulting, services and software.
We are experts in Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Textmining, Big Data, CRM, Data Quality and Marketing Science.
Our nugget : we have developed datakili, a customer Journey analytics software for marketers, which gives you a full understanding of your all omni-channel activity and put your prospects and customers on the right journey.Inscopix is pioneering a new paradigm in the quest to understand the brain and its diseases.
With strategic collaborators and partners, Inscopix is at the same time developing in vivo neuropsychiatric disease assays and stands on the brink of making fundamental breakthroughs on treatments for brain diseases such as autism and schizophrenia.2CV is a global consumer research agency with offices in the UK, USA, and Asia.
We are dedicated to delivering innovative research.
We understand that companies and brands need a fresh approach to insights.
We believe that research shouldnt be about adding information, it needs to be about reducing the noise and breaking through the clutter.Our exceptional track record and innovative approach make us one of most liked Training Partners, from Individuals to MNCs. We are associated and approved by the Global bodies like IIBA- Canada, PMI, TUV-Germany,  IREB - Germany and ITIL - UK, this is a unique achievement for any Indian Company.Our technology connects proven behavioral science methodologies with machine-learning algorithms based on a data-set of 50M consumers (across e-commerce, financial services, travel, SaaS and more).
Commerce Sciences was named by both Wired Magazine and Business Insider as one of Hottest Startups and by eBay/Magento as one of the Top-5 Solutions for online marketers.
- http://allthingsd.com/20130319/what-you-can-learn-about-online-shoppers-by-watching-them/
- http://pandodaily.com/2012/10/30/predicting-irrational-shoppers-commerce-sciences-applies-behavioral-economics-to-ecommerce/
- http://techcrunch.com/2012/07/02/commerce-sciences-seed/- Manufacturing Execution Systems -Healthcare Life Sciences - Digital Transformation - Cybersecurity,-Enterprise Application engineering and - Business Consulting Services    We are looking to drive business development through good work and ethics.These are most prolific areas of technology being innovated and at VUI we thrive when working with bleeding edge technology:  With exciting expansion of the Professional Services group we are thrilled to say we are building VUI into a powerhouse of placements that delivers a storm of Solutions!!Thats Nice is a full-service agency providing research-driven brand management and marketing that enable businesses to achieve their goals.
Nice Gift brings you the most desirable, memorable giveaways and trade show premiums available  selected and personalized specifically to make customers and prospects remember your brand.Our Technology Leadership Practice identifies and secures those inspiring leaders who will continue to push the technology agenda.
We are focused on the impact that quantitative research and data science has in helping businesses innovate, stay ahead of the curve, and achieve competitive advantage.Were a specialist data and analytics recruitment agency based north of Manchester.
Established in 2001, we work with clients throughout the UK, Europe and Australia.
Our expertise covers credit risk management, marketing analytics & optimisation, data science, web analytics, data management and statistical analysis.Were a company of Austin-based problem solvers who think and work outside of the box.
We leverage data science and agile development to deliver intelligent, cloud-based software platforms and applications.
Be customer-inspired.
We take the time to understand the inner workings of our customers so that we can do whats best, not just whats asked.ADDTEC is an Australian based company with the mission to improve the quality of human's life.
We Add Technology to the projects of life science.
- Medical science
at different steps from basic research to industrial production to help them getting better results based on the latest scientific achievements.Recombine is a clinical genetic testing company that facilitates informed medical decisions for patients and providers through innovative products and collaborative research.
We are strongly committed to being your partner in genomics as we pursue innovative genetic approaches to improving health outcomes.We believe that experience is the best teacher, therefore, most of our talented team members have also gained an invaluable professional track record in Silicon Valley working for leading global IT companies such as Google, Facebook or Microsoft; as well as global investment banks such as Goldman Sachs, Bank of America Merrill Lynch and UBS  a versatile combination that enables CodiLime to achieve virtually any technical and business objective.TERA was organized in 1995 with a mission to support the protection of public health through the best use of toxicity data.
We strive to support the protection of public health by providing risk managers, legislators, and ordinary citizens with the toxicology information they need to make important decisions about the chemicals in our lives.We help large organisations to re-invent their business with agillity by leveraging Big Data and Artificial Intelligence (AI).
extract and refine data, build & run AI based applications, all in the most compliant and safe structure.
It helps to dramatically reduce implementation time for big data projects and relieves companies from costly and critical administration processes .Evaluate is the trusted provider of commercial intelligence including product sales and consensus forecasts to 2022 for commercial teams and their advisors within the global life science industry.
In North America, EvaluatePharma is represented by EvaluatePharma USA, Inc., based in Boston, MA.
EvaluatePharma USA Inc. 60 State Street, Suite 1910SuperDataScience is an online educational platform for current and future Data Scientists from all around the world.
Thats why we gather real-world case studies, weekly podcasts, must-know posts, YouTube videos and created The Data Enthusiasts Dream Library, with over 250 videos and 100 hours of content, so you can learn everything on Data Science, R-Programming, Tableau, Deep Learning and other fantastic topics.DCC also helps in maintaining real time data of individuals and corporates along with identity verification, Receivables management, medical records or payments, residential or tenant history, educational verification, credit checks, motor vehicle records, criminal background information, recruiting services, human resource management and fraud & identity theft prevention.We are the worlds largest pure play Big Data Analytics and Decision Sciences company with a Unicorn status in the US and the only profitable Unicorn in India.
The venture capitalists who were the first investors in Facebook and Google have made their largest investment in the analytics space with us and we continue to add 6-8 new logos every quarter.Our purpose is to upgrade the Cognitive Science and Smart Data skills to the industry users to enhance the productivity and intelligence of their business and engineering systems at all tiers.
Data-Techies offers the advisory, customized solutions to various industries like Energy, Cement, Metal, Food, Oil & Gas, Chemical, Textile, Urban Infrastructure, Smart Cities, Intelligent Transportation, Logistics, Public Utilities, Environment etc.Launched in 2016, DHL-SMU Analytics Lab is a collaboration between DHL and Singapore Management University.
Our mission is to develop and innovate concepts & solutions in consumer and business-centric supply chain management in the form of practical solutions and platforms backed up by academic rigor.
We are a Big Data Analytics lab - performing R&D that demonstrates and advances capabilities in Big Data Analytics.Whether within a process, across the enterprise or throughout the supply chain, we help our partners put their data to work in powerful new ways.
Interested in a career with MSA?
Check out our job board:  https://msa.silkroad.com/epostings/Bristlecone, a Mahindra Group Company is a premier Supply Chain Advisory and Analytics SaaS+ firm focused on enabling Digitally Connected Supply Chains for Hi-Tech, CPG, Retail and Process Industries.
With our singular focus on addressing procurement, supply chain and analytics challenges, we help clients diagnose, design, enable and enhance their operations by encapsulating years of experience into pre-configured solutions, accelerated deployments and enhancement packs for the leading supply chain technologies.We work across ALL industries and major business functions with clients that span Fortune 100 corporations to startups.
We work closely with our clients and are very deliberate in matching skills, career goals and positions.Signal Hub, the companys flagship technology platform, extracts and applies insights from the most complex data environments to address multiple business problems and opportunities, accelerating targeted business actions and radically reducing time-to-value.
The end-to-end platform automatically creates Signals, which can be shared, reused, and applied to multiple use cases throughout the enterprise.Every day at Hunter International, we connect clients with the best and brightest talent in their industry.
Hunter International Recruiting is certified as a womens business enterprise through the Womens Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC), the nations largest third party certifier of businesses owned and operated by women in the US.Anyone who has redeemed a coupon, filled a prescription or returned a product, has touched Inmar.
As a trusted intermediary for over 35 years, we have unmatched access to billions of consumer and business transactions in real time.
Our analytics, platforms and services enable engagement with shoppers and patients, and optimize results.C3 IoT is the leading AI and IoT software platform provider for digital transformation.
C3 IoT delivers a comprehensive and proven platform as a service (PaaS) for rapidly developing and operating large-scale AI, predictive analytics, and IoT applications for any enterprise value chain in any industry.Bracket eCOA is a flexible platform for electronic clinical outcomes assessments.
Bracket RTSM is a best-in-breed, scalable and configurable clinical IRT solution for the life sciences industry.
Bracket SmartSupplies is a proven platform for improving a clinical supply chain.
Bracket Rater Training and Quality Assurance improve outcomes through customized training and quality assurance programs.As a digital technology and services company, Entercoms achieves true transformation of the entire service chain through business-driven IP, analytical models, domain expertise, operations support services and cross-industry best practices.
Entercoms transforms service chains through our unique mix of IP technology, non-disruptive engagement model, outcome and performance-based managed services, and rapid time to value.We are an International Specialist Recruitment Company with a proven track record of sourcing and selecting best fit talent.
Our experienced recruitment teams select best fit solutions in order to provide the talent that companies need to give their organisation a competitive advantage.- Business Management / Asian Markets 
- Business Management / Food & Wine 
- Executive Master in Digital Business (in English)
- Executive Master in Sales & Marketing
- Executive Master in Technology & Innovation Management
- Master in Digital Marketing for Tourism and Events ManagementPlenty is a new kind of farm for a new kind of world.
Our local field-scale indoor farms are creating a healthier, more delicious and sustainable future.
Were creating a healthier, more delicious and more sustainable future for the world.Founded and run by visionary Data Scientist trained at MIT & Harvard, with leadership experience from companies like GE, Target & Oracle among others.
We operate from Boston, Sunnyvale, Singapore & Bangalore, with Enterprise clients which are customer data driven.
Our clients include fortune 500 companies across High Tech, Retail/ E-commerce & Financial.Keyrus is a global data and analytics consulting firm dedicated to helping people and organizations make better data driven decisions.
We partner with leading self-service technologies to drive rapid insights and value for our clients.
In the US our New York office focuses on Data Science, Data Discovery and Data Engineering.DRG Digital is the life science industrys partner for data-driven physician, payer and patient engagement.
Our Manhattan Research studies, custom analytics and expert analysts help clients: 
- Prioritize digital investment
- Plan consumer, HCP and payer engagement strategies
- Develop patient-centric solutions that support outcomes
- Drive digital transformation in their organizationOur approach is a totally client focussed service that can help make a company's move as smooth as possible.
We provide advice about specific business locations & properties, full and impartial property searches (including both Private and Public sector sites), bespoke economic data relevant to a business or sector, advice on funding solutions, details about workforce skills, familiarisation visits, access to relevant business networks and continuing business support as the company grows and expands.We are the first to provide a unified interface that enables business and data science users across the enterprise to collaborate, and together, drive high-quality decisions.
Team members also hold advanced degrees in computer science and business from leading universities.HealthScape Advisors is a privately held management consulting firm dedicated to serving clients in the healthcare industry.
Clients rely on HealthScape as a strategic advisor; our competitive advantage starts with our people and culture.Linical Europe is headquartered in Germany (Frankfurt) with substantial presence in France (Paris) and Spain (Madrid).
Moreover, pivotal Phase 2/3 trials are supported, but also late-phase approaches such as observational studies, post approval studies (PAS) and post authorization safety studies (PASS), to serve global as well as regional and national projects.We develop solutions and advanced analytics that help our clients better manage loan portfolios to optimize revenue and profitability.
Our core capabilities are:  advanced data management with data security that sets the standard for industry-best practices; predictive analytics that accurately assess the default risk of each borrower in a loan portfolio and learn over time by incorporating borrower behavior; and collections and default prevention programs that optimize portfolio performance.Iris Concise is the strategy and consulting arm of iris Worldwide, the creative innovation network.
Since November 2014, iris Worldwide has been part of Cheil Worldwide and iris Concise supports the group in delivering extraordinary creative, strategy and analytics across many global integrated accounts, from our offices in London, Amsterdam, Sydney, Shanghai, Singapore, New York and Atlanta.Carnegie Mellon University in Australia offers two internationally-ranked masters degree programs:
Master of Science in Information Technology (MSIT) ranked #1 by the benchmark U.S News & World Report 
Master of Science in Public Policy and Management (MSPPM) ranked #4 by the benchmark U.S News & World Report.3D Results provides consulting services for SAP SuccessFactors and IBM Kenexa cloud HCM suites.
Our Process on Purpose methodology ensures a successful implementation, while optimizing business processes and aligning systems with organizational talent strategy.
Our experienced professionals offer thought leadership, a consultative style, and a focus on data science.
We deliver Results.With data and 21st century tools and technologies, we enable smarter watershed management to happen faster and at a greater scale.
We also employ our solutions on the ground, such as riparian restoration, for the benefit of both watersheds and the plants, animals and people that rely on them.The Allied Group provides Print Management, Personalized Kitting, High Integrity Mailing and Complex ISO 13485 Certified Fulfillment.
Our ISO Certified quality processes and procedures include technology and B-to-B or B-to-C turn-key solutions such as; Inventory management, custom ecommerce applications, kitting and warehousing, mailing and distribution as well as product procurement, assembly, inspections and reverse logistics.At Mango, we firmly believe that any decision can be better made using analytics and data.
Our mission is to empower organisations to make informed decisions using data science and advanced analytics to drive bigger gains, lower costs, and optimize performance.We are a diverse company, including professionals with expertise in Science, Research, Engineering, Information Technology, and Data Sciences.
It is the culmination of our thoughts that each of our employees are a subsystem, and for our organization to advance we work together to create a successful system.Fully integrated Contract Research Organisation with over 30 years of serving the pharmaceutical industry.
NUVISAN Pharma Services is a global provider of product development and support services to the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device industries.
We deliver services ranging from a single test to fully integrated drug development programs.Affinio is an Interest Analytics Platform that helps marketers better connect with people using rich interest and affinity data.
Using machine learning, Affinio reveals naturally-forming interest-based segments in any audience.
Established in 2013, Affinio is headquartered on the East Coast of Canada and has satellite offices in Toronto, New York City, San Francisco, and London.
For more information, visit Affinio.comVodori provides solutions that simplify how life science companies create, approve, and distribute promotional content.
Vodori enables marketers to confidently redirect their efforts from process support to creating content that matters.Silicon Studio was established with the belief that driving innovation for the digital entertainment industry can help inspire and create new ideas.
With the expert knowledge of game and middleware creation, Silicon Studio is able to find the perfect match for all the staffing needs of the digital entertainment industry by targeting the best talent in the industry.We're 150 plus team members across three offices who feel more like family.
the ability to feel like you're having a tangible impact on the world (solving a problem for half the population!), growing in your career as we're moving FAST, always learning (and learning from failing - we love that), and being surrounded by great people who tend to smile a lot.Using our proprietary technologies and non-GM approaches, we support customers with the development of new and improved crops.
The company started as a molecular marker specialist that revolutionized plant breeding by the development of its DNA fingerprinting technology.
Today, innovative research remains at the heart of our company and drives us to deliver novel crop improvement solutions for our partners.In addition to life science and analytical instrument companies,we also serve other clients with an interest in the scientific market, including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, financial institutions, information technology vendors, advertising firms, consulting firms, publishers, non-profit societies and government agencies.A leader in the global ICT industry, MiTAC International Corp.
Therefore, MiTAC Holdings Corporation, through a stock swap from MiTAC International Corp., was established on September 12, 2013 and listed and traded on Taiwan Stock Exchange under stock code 3706, company code MiTAC .Dia&Co is the premier shopping destination for plus-size women.
The company's flagship product is a personal styling service that allows customers to shop from the comfort of their homes.
By developing a new kind of relationship with customers, Dia is solving decades of inefficiencies in plus-size shopping.Synergic Partners is a consultancy firm specialized in Big Data and Data Analytics within the Telefnica group.
As a specialized Big Data, Data Science and Data Engineering consultancy firm we are committed to delivering solutions and services that enable companies to leverage the business value of their enterprise data.
@synergicpartnerUberMedia provides the highest quality mobile data solutions trusted by businesses to creatively solve their persistent challenges.
The companys diverse suite of products process billions of social, demographic, and location signals daily for Fortune 500 companies across retail, automotive, and entertainment to better understand and influence modern consumers with the most accurate business decision science.Through our work, we help organizations and governmental agencies make research-backed decisions and implement solutions that positively affect the customers, employees, and the citizens they serve.
FMG works to fulfill that vision and deliver a culture that nurtures advanced education and open communication for both clients and employees.FuGenX Technologies, a part of USM Business Systems Inc., is a global technology services company, specialized in Mobile Application Development, Game Development, AI, Machine Learning, Automation, Web development and Big Data Analytics.
FuGenX has delivered 400+ Web Apps and 750+ Apps and Games on iOS, Android, BB, and Windows on both native and cross platforms, and 100+ successful IT projects on trending technologies.Our expert teams are full of innovative ideas to help our clients achieve the best results possible from their digital marketing channels.
Search Laboratory delivers profitable, data-driven digital marketing campaigns, including mathematical PPC and customer-centric SEO, to clients in 18 countries worldwide.Our scientists, analysts and information technology experts support healthcare, research, national security and defense missions worldwide.
GSA Schedule 70 - Information Technology Products and Services:  GS-35F-0680K
GSA Schedule 66 - Scientific Equipment and Services:  GS-07F0018U
GSA Schedule 6211 - VA Affairs-Professional & Allied Healthcare Staffing:  V77P-7135VisualDNA, a Nielsen company, specialises in audience targeting, consumer insights and analytics by combining the science of psychology with innovative creative applications and big data.
We work with advertisers, publishers and lenders to improve their data collection, analysis and applications.As an organisation, we currently work with a number of Tier 1 and Tier 2 Financial Organisations (Investment Banks, Asset / Wealth / Investment Management, Corporate and Retail) and select 'Big 4' and niche consultancies on some of the largest change programmes in the market.Circus is a multicultural fully integrated digital agency that partners with its clients to develop high-impact ideas, strategies & content that win in the attention economy.
We created a unique ecosystem that helps team members integrate their personal development into their professional growth to unleash their full potential and create ground-breaking ideas.STEP Consulting is a management consulting firm, with strong expertise on performance improvement in complex industries such as aerospace, defense, energies, luxury and industrial goods.
Since its creation in 2004, STEP Consulting lead more than 250 major projects covering a wide range:The city works on the development and investment in the national system of science, technology and innovation, to promote the building of a knowledge-based society, which will serve the sustainable development of the Kingdom through the following functions and responsibilities:IAI excels in its ability to innovate, and in developing concepts into market-focused products and customer-driven solutions.
Since its founding, IAI has enjoyed consistent growth and today is a mature small business headquartered in Rockville MD with offices in Rome NY, Hampton VA and Orlando FL.We test and experiment with our clients to find a formula that drives results for their sales teams to develop long-term relationships.
With CIENCE, our partners get the strategic thinking of our growth hackers, the deep analytical skills of a data science company, the flexibility of our skilled resources and a sales acceleration platform to drive results.Science [&] Technology AS (S[&]T) is part of the S[&]T Corporation (headquarters in the Netherlands), operating for more than 15 years in project implementations and product developments where science and technology play an important role.
 Satellite data processing;
 Simulating the next generation European weather satellite instrument;
 Onboard satellite data image processing.BMW Group vehicles are the epitome of innovation, combining cutting-edge technologies with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities and processes.
What matters more than the area of expertise is passion and enthusiasm to bring high-quality vehicles to the road.
It drives us to keep reinventing mobility and bringing innovative ideas onto the roads.We are the worlds largest pure play Big Data Analytics and Decision Sciences company with a Unicorn status in the US and the only profitable Unicorn in India.
The venture capitalists who were the first investors in Facebook and Google have made their largest investment in the analytics space with us and we continue to add 6-8 new logos every quarter.INC Research/inVentiv Health (Nasdaq:INCR) is the only fully integrated biopharmaceutical solutions organization.
With more than 22,000 employees and the ability to support customers in more than 110 countries, our global scale and deep therapeutic alignment enables INC Research/inVentiv Health to help customers successfully navigate an increasingly complex environment.Goal 2: Nuclear Security  Strengthen national security by maintaining and modernizing the nuclear stockpile and nuclear security infrastructure, reducing global nuclear threats, providing for nuclear propulsion, improving physical and cybersecurity, and strengthening key science, technology, and engineering capabilitiesProject One provides technology consulting and staffing services for clients requiring a combination of technical skill sets along with industry/applications domain expertise.
Gary and Project One have proven that niche-market specialization and high-touch / high-value services remain a very viable business approach for both clients and candidates vs.Pivotal transforms how the world builds software.
We enable the leading companies in the world to innovate by employing an approach focused on building software.
Our methodology is about evolving, in both development and innovation, and our culture is empowering.
Our team uses agile and lean approaches to teach next-generation developers to create and build new solutions.With its talented and motivated student body and accomplished faculty, Brown is a leading research university that maintains a particular commitment to exceptional undergraduate instruction.
Browns vibrant, diverse community consists of about 6,200 undergraduates, 2,000 graduate students, 490 medical school students, more than 5,000 summer, visiting, and online students, and over 700 faculty members.QIAGEN is the leading global provider of Sample to Insight solutions to transform biological materials into valuable molecular insights.
QIAGEN sample technologies isolate and process DNA, RNA and proteins from blood, tissue and other materials.SPAWAR consists of more than 10,000 active duty military and civil service professionals located around the world and close to the fleet to keep SPAWAR at the forefront of research, engineering and acquisition to provide and sustain information warfare capabilities to the fleet.For 50 years, Entegris has been a provider of critical products and materials used in advanced high-technology manufacturing.
Headquartered in Billerica, Massachusetts, Entegris employs approximately 3,500 people worldwide, with roughly half employed in Asia-Pacific or Europe.UM believes that better science and better art deliver better outcomes to our clients in the media moments that matter most.
We are a creative media agency, committed to blurring the lines between media and creativity, between data and content, between science and art.Quintiles and IMS Health have come together to become IQVIA, The Human Data Science Company
Inspired by the industry we help, IQVIA commits to providing solutions that enable life sciences companies to innovate with confidence, maximize their opportunities and ultimately drive human health outcomes forward.Our network consists of 116 offices in 86 countries throughout North America, Latin America, Europe, Middle East, and Asia Pacific, each dedicated to forging competitive marketing advantage for businesses and their brands.
Mindshare is part of GroupM, which oversees the media investment management sector for WPP, the worlds leading communications services group.Dovel advances the mission of its customers in health, life sciences, and information management through the integration of technology and domain expertise to deliver technology solutions for highly complex and data-driven environments.
Dovel combines this spirit with a focus on our customers unique missions to develop appropriate technology solutions that rapidly integrate in day-to-day processes.Virginia Tech welcomes your comments on our page and encourages interaction among Hokies around the world.
We ask that you use the Virginia Tech Principles of Community (http://inclusive.vt.edu/vtpoc0.html) as guidance in your posts and remain true to the spirit of Ut Prosim (That I May Serve).Juvo is a privately held company backed by global business leaders and luminaries in the world of tech, mobile and finance.
Juvo just completed a $40 million USD Series B funding round with funding from by top-tier VCs including NEA, Wing Venture, and Freestyle Capital.Services for life scientists, including F1000Prime, F1000Workspace and F1000Research.
F1000Workspace offers scientists a comprehensive suite of tools to help with writing, collaborating, reference management and preparation for publishing.
F1000Research is an open science publishing platform, offering immediate publication of articles, posters and slides with no editorial bias.SF&P is a recruitment firm specializing as a creative search resource for early stage and growing tech companies.
The founders, Norm Shulman and Susan Fleming have more than 30 years of experience working with technology companies.
Norm and Susan have worked with hundreds of early  and mid stage companies, resulting in thousands of successful placements.We recruit in Europe, USA, Asia and the Middle East.
If you are seeking a career change or just advice, we are more than happy to offer you our years of recruitment experience to advise and direct you as best we can, as well as outlining a range of interesting market opportunitiesOur teams work within targeted vertical markets with each of our consultants possessing an in-depth understanding of their sectors, these include Digital Technology, Business Intelligence and Data.
MANAGEMENT CONSULTING - We work with a wide number of both global and boutique consulting and advisory firms across various service lines from Strategy through to Operations.Organic Motion, Inc. is the leading provider markerless motion capture systems for game development and animation, life science, and military training and simulation.
OpenStage 2 markerless motion capture system supports full integration with existing rendering engines and military virtual simulation; increasing the speed and efficiency of training readiness for a wide range of simulations.Page Solutions is a global Banking and Financial Services company offering Consulting, Technology and Outsourcing services to reputable banks and financial institutions who aspire to boost profitability by leveraging the right mix of technology and service innovation.Our expertise lies in  implementation and upgrade of T24 products and migrating data from legacy systems to the T24 core banking application.We do this by deploying Anna, our AI agent, on top of organisations' databases to enable the business to query anything and everything that is of importance.
Think Siri or Cortana over the top of any companys database that enables you to ask plain English questions about the key drivers of your business.Founded in 2005, h2 wellness is a cloud-based, population health and engagement company that allows health and wellness brands worldwide to improve the lives of their customers and increase customer satisfaction, retention and revenues.
h2s platform is used by millions of consumers in 15 countries and nine languages, as offered by leading companies in the healthcare, wellness, fitness, weight loss, nutrition, and corporate health markets.BuzzBoard uncovers data-driven insights about SMBs that drive more meaningful conversations for marketers and sellers, resulting in increased sales across the customer lifecycle.
BuzzBoards unique, insights-driven technology provides micro-targeting capabilities for prospecting, identifies upsell and cross-sell opportunities to grow existing customers, automatically monitors top accounts to increase retention, and generates compelling content that fuels customer engagement.The Police Foundation is the only nationally-known, non-profit, non-partisan, and non-membership-driven organization solely dedicated to improving Americas most noble profession  policing.
Relying on its in-house staff, executive and research fellows and consultants, the Police Foundation provides technical assistance and conducts innovative research to accomplish its mission of improving policing through science and innovation.By delivering more of the content people need about you and your products or services whenever and wherever they click, the LookBookHQ Intelligent Content Platform helps marketing & sales organizations educate prospects and customers faster and more efficiently.It all adds up to a flexible, tailor-made talent management service that you can count on for better returns and ultimately helps you achieve your business objectives.
RTM is part of Rethink Group, delivering recruitment and talent management services internationally to transform businesses into higher performing organisations.Jigsaw Academy offers courses across analytics, data science, big data, machine learning, and internet of things.
As our award winning courses are well recognized in the industry, Jigsaw is the approved analytics training partner for many large organizations, including Microsoft, Adobe, Cognizant, Citibank, Flipkart, Nokia, Mahindra, HCL, Genpact among others.A few years later in 1986, Safari Ltd signed one of the most important license agreements in the company's history with the Carnegie Museum of Natural History.
The founders of Safari Ltd, had a vision to share the unique beauty of wildlife with children and a passion to educate through the joy of play.Based in the heart of New York City, Locke Careers provides full-service talent solutions for our clients nationwide.
Locke Careers has a reputation for being trusted and respected by clients and candidates alike.
In order to achieve this, Locke Careers thoroughly screens our candidates using a performance-based hiring model.Nevertheless, he had yet to achieve his original dream of building the next Berkshire Hathaway, so he founded CSC Generation.
CSC Generation:	
 Is backed by leading investors including: China Science & Merchants Investment Management Group (CSC), Khosla Ventures, Panasonic, Crosslink Capital, Maveron, Quest Venture Partners, eCommerce Growth Fund, and various family offices.
 Builds things that people want.The University of Patras is the third largest University in Greece regarding the size of student potential, the Faculty Members, Administrative Personnel, number of departments, and accredited student titles.
Besides its distinguished path in education, the University of Patras has excelled in the fields of Basic and Applied Research.We're trusted by our clients to deliver on time, on budget, according to their requirements.
Some of our service areas:
- Application Support & Plant Engineering
- Application Development
- Vendor & Product Services
We also deliver a global fast track Graduate Programme - MThree Alumni.Our Vision is clear:  To make Sportsbet a world class online bookmaker thats trusted by our customers, colleagues and partners.
Were also here to make this the most exciting place youll ever work.
It is full on here but were confident that working at Sportsbet will be the most exciting chapter in your career.The Machine Learning Society is a global community of Data Scientists, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence experts committed to advancing innovations in Science, Technology and Culture.
 Global Speaker Network
Learn more about MLS Initiatives at MLSociety.com
Our Global Mission:
To bring together world-class data scientists to solve real world problems.CSAIL Alliances is your organization's pathway to CSAIL connections and serves as a gateway into the lab for industry and governmental institutions seeking closer engagement to the work, researchers and students of CSAIL.
The program provides organizations with a proactive and comprehensive approach to developing strong connections with all CSAIL has to offer.BRMi seeks smart and aggressive people with a passion for learning, who are excited to optimize business processes, want to know not just what clients do now but what other organizations have done to solve similar problems and how that can be applied to the clients needs.By combining proprietary data from the ID Networkone of the nations largest networks of cross-industry consumer behavioral datawith advanced science, ID Analytics provides in-depth visibility into identity risk and creditworthiness.
Every day, many of the largest U.S. companies rely on ID Analytics to make risk-based decisions that enhance revenue, reduce fraud, drive cost savings and protect consumers.In the last 50 years the university has become a key educational and research institution in Guangdong province in Southern China with a reputation for producing highly qualified and respected graduates.
More than 2000 full-time teachers in the University support a student population of over 47,000 attaining degrees at Bachelor's, Master's and Doctoral levels.We are a high impact Talent Search firm based in Bengaluru.
Founded in 2006, headquartered in Bengaluru, CareerXperts is a team of passionate and bright minds who have a solid understanding of the Global Technology Talent Hiring Ecosystem.KERN produces immediate results and the ongoing success youre looking for.
We have blended the art and science of branding, marketing communications, large-scale customer acquisition, database marketing, social marketing, CRM marketing, analytics and campaign optimization into a well-oiled machine that will help you win market share and drive sales.Caliper is a global employee assessment and talent development company that has worked with Fortune 500 companies, governmental agencies, and non-profit organizations to help them align their talent with strategy, hire better people faster, and develop leaders, teams, and mission-critical employees.Metis accelerates your career in data science.
Metis offers comprehensive courses in digital practices, designed to teach the skills needed to succeed in an increasingly digital world.
Over the course of an intensive Metis class, students gain a fundamental understanding of the digital space that will enable them to begin, change, or improve their careers.TAQNIA SPACE Is a Subsidiary of The Saudi Technology Development and Investment Company (TAQNIA) that was established by royal decree.
	Provide Highly Secure Satellite Communications infrastructure
	Provide voice, data, video communications, & TV Broadcasting
	Commercialize KACSTs Technological DevelopmentsAn Executive Recruiter will broaden your set of candidates and get you to explore new ideas by taking you through a process that includes defining the role and factoring in intangibles like cultural fit.
JENNINGS ProSearch can quickly provide you a broader set of candidates for your Executive IT roles and help you set up an efficient hiring process that will enhance your brand.CQuotient was acquired by Demandware in October 2014.
CQuotient is a Saas-based analytic software company that enables multi-channel retailers to earn greater spend and loyalty from their customers.
Using transaction level data, our Customer Science platform identifies the key levers that shape each customers behavior.
The platform then systematically personalizes customer marketing programs using those levers.The Register, from Situation Publishing, is a leading global website for IT professionals.
The Register is also known for its "off-duty" articles, on science, tech culture, and cult columnists such as BOFH and Verity Stob, which reflect our readers' many personal interests.The company operates in more than 40 countries with hundreds of airline, hotel, car rental, online travel agency and meta-search partners around the globe, including nine of the top 10 OTAs and meta-search sites in North America.
Parent company, Intent Media also operates Voyat, the market-leading provider of website personalization solutions that increase direct bookings for hoteliers.The ABS is one of two Schools within the Economics and Business department.
The ABS is committed to advancing the understanding of business and its role in society, and to leverage synergies between the School and the Amsterdam metropolitan area.Our products and services help employers optimize their hiring of data talent.
In addition, our team of engineers and data scientists builds tools--like quantitative vetting platform, automated resume scoring and decision enhancing games--to solve your biggest data talent challenges.Callisto Media was inspired by a single, transformational idea: use data-driven insights to produce content that enables consumers to lead richer, healthier, more fulfilled lives.
With deep roots in technology and publishing, Callisto Media is harnessing the industry disrupting power of Big Data to create unparalleled understanding into consumer demand and the science of content.Slice is transforming online shopping and retail by unveiling never-before-seen digital commerce data via its e-commerce intelligence products, APIs and consumer applications.
Slice was incubated as a research project at Stanford, where the best and brightest minds in machine learning set forth how to extract business value from the vast amount of unstructured purchase data from inboxes.At Digital Science, we are actively working with entrepreneurs and developing software internally to make scientific research more efficient.
We are a technology company serving the needs of scientific research.
* Our technology team develops products internally to stand alongside those of our portfolio companies.Core Digital Media is a leader in the online marketing and customer acquisition business.
Core Digital Media rewards hard work, promotes from within, supports career development and fosters a fun and friendly work environment.
 Consistent Top 5 online advertiser.
 Actively partnering with clients on advertising solutions:Stronger support for improving the quality of diagnostic and research laboratories, veterinary education and veterinary statutory bodies throughout the world is helping to consolidate the initiatives undertaken by the OIE to promote good governance and the global reduction of biological risks.As a trusted talent acquisition partner, we are engaged to deliver talent on both a Permanent and Consulting basis to support a broad range of  Enterprise Transformation initiatives focused on Customer Experience,  Digital,  Mobility, Omni-chanel, Agile, Cloud, & CRM.Skillfinder International was founded in 2003 establishing itself as a trusted partner to our clients in the Technology & Financial Services arena.
	Private Banking / Wealth Management
With tailored services available across 22 countries, we are truly international with Skillfinder GmbH in Frankfurt and Skillfinder SARL in Luxembourg to better serve the local markets.IDBS is a leading global provider of advanced software for research and development (R&D) organizations to securely capture, manage, share and exploit structured and unstructured data.
IDBS remains a privately held company employing over 250 staff across the world and serving over 50,000 researchers in 25 countries  including 21 of the top 25 pharmaceutical companies.Profusion is a data science and marketing services company.
We are experts in using data science to deliver effective marketing solutions for our clients.
From the expert advice we provide, to the work we deliver, we do not settle for second best, we are uncompromising in our pursuit of excellence We will help our customers be better with credit, providing products that responsibly meet their needs.
Our objective is simple, we want to help our customers be better with credit  so they can access the benefits it provides.Across the marketing funnel from brand awareness and engagement through to leads generation and nurturing, we can help your business find, grow and sustain that sweet spot between what your clients care about and what you do better than anyone else.Core Informatics partners with customers in biopharma, genomics, and other industries to build lab informatics solutions to derive more value and insight from their scientific data.
Core Informatics state-of-the-art laboratory data-management solutions are used by leading biopharma, genomics and other scientific and industrial organizations.The MacArtney Group supplies products and engineering solutions to the worldwide Underwater Technology Market.
The Headquarter of the Group is located in Esbjerg on the West Coast of Denmark - home to MacArtney A/S since it started in 1978, and still the main hub, providing logistical, technical, financial and marketing support to all of the companies within the Group.Brevitas - People, Process and Program Excellence 
We  serve global leaders in the pharmaceutical, chemical, and  food and beverage industries.
We are dedicated to helping organizations achieve tangible results and lasting improvements via successful project delivery, continuous process improvement and effective management of change.We will achieve a rapid growth in the upcoming years, with plans to launch new and innovative degrees that combine its three core areas:  1) Behavioral Science, 2) Communications and Media, and 3) Data Science and Technology.Decisive Data is an end-to-end business analytics consultancy and thought leader.
We deliver repeatable, actionable insight for making critical business decisions informed by data and science.
Were the best in the world at data visualization  our visualization methodology is widely recognized by industry leaders.
We believe EVERY decision should be informed by data.IEc is an environmental consulting firm with three decades of experience providing consulting services to a diverse client base.
IEc consulting staff come from backgrounds that include policy, economics, finance, and science.
As a company, we tackle complex challenges through a combination of thoughtful analysis, creativity, and dedication to the specific needs of our clients.Codex Recruitment is a niche Data Analytics & EPM recruitment company.
We place candidates at all levels within these markets, including:
Management Consultants (Partner to Consultant level)
Data Analytics & EPM
Data Analytics
EPM Hyperion, TM1, SAP BPC, SAP BFC, SAP PCM, Anaplan, Adaptive Planning, Tagetik, Board MIT, Axiom SL, TalentiaComprising the former GCRC at CUMC in addition to providing a fully-staffed Clinical Research Resource, the Irving Institute also includes a multifaceted educational program with masters- and doctoral-level training programs and mentored research programs.
The Irving Institute funds several pilot award programs aimed at helping junior faculty launch research careers, in addition to supporting several cores that help facilitate clinical and translational research at CUMC.The Supercomputing Center of Galicia, CESGA, is the center for high-performance computing, communications and advanced services used by the Scientific Community of Galicia, the University System of Galicia and the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC).Combining several Data Science techniques from statistics, machine learning, deep learning, decision science, cognitive science, and business intelligence, with our ecosystem of technology platforms, we have produced unprecedented solutions.
Our practice delivers data driven solutions, including Descriptive Analytics, Diagnostic Analytics, Predictive Analytics, and Prescriptive Analytics.Arimo's capabilities harness the behaviors of machines, devices, customers, and other entities to provide the most accurate predictions utilizing Deep Learning.
With Arimo Behavioral AI, leading companies are creating competitive advantage through new predictive insights, and delivering new services to their customers.Our passion is to find the quickest path from consumer data to execution; we call it Consumer Science.
We promise this as we lean on knowledge from both consumer research and data science and have the ability to assign a financial value to every insight and recommendation.Henry Nicholas is a specialist marketing, PR, data and insight, tech, digital and creative recruitment agency that's dedicated to advancing careers and growing businesses.
Whether you're looking for agency or in-house opportunities, or want to seek out the UK's best creative or data-driven talent, Henry Nicholas will make the difference.For over 40 years Test Devices has developed and advanced the science of centrifugal, vibratory and thermal stress testing  critical solutions engineers need to evaluate the integrity and validate the life of component parts.THE KSRI IS A GLOBALLY LEADING SERVICE INSTITUTE.
Delivering innovative concepts and methods KSRI has a leading role in researching digital service systems.
KSRI BRIDGES THE GAP BETWEEN THE ECONOMIC AND TECHNICAL ASPECTS OF DIGITAL SERVICE SYSTEMS.
with research on improving processes in health care by applying analytics and optimization techniques and designing user assistant systems.Our tools empower leaders to make data driven decisions, focus their team on the highest value work, and optimise their workforce, inventory, supply chain,  infrastructure and transport networks.
We are passionate about revolutionising how businesses operate by pioneering the Artificial Intelligence revolution at work and delivering game-changing business outcomes.Retail and Analytics Experts
Cognira consultants help you improve your planning, pricing and supply chain processes by leveraging decades of experience implementing, tuning and realizing benefits from analytical systems at top retailers.
We know retail.
We love data.As a top independent open source software integrator in the US, we provide our customers a unique combination of open source business process consulting and improvements.
Our consultants work personally with each of our open source software clients to analyze the challenges facing their operations, unleash the power of their data, and achieve their specific ERP and ROI business goals.We are young, global consulting shop helping enterprises and entrepreneurs to solve big data & analytics, data driven dashboards, applications development, and information management problems to minimize risk, explore opportunities for future growth and increase profits more effectively.As commodity-trading strategies evolve in response to the digitization of global markets, organisations continue to explore ways to develop and enhance their trading, risk management, logistics and finance systems.
Our passion, knowledge and connections compliment the most innovative recruitment and available consulting methods in the market, ensuring a professional and result-oriented service; supplying highly skilled individuals and teams possessing the expertise sought after by the worlds leading trading and technology organisations.Our company strives to create an amazing user experience for scientists with in-depth product peer reviews, comprehensive product specifications and associated data files that will allows scientists to quickly and easily search, compare and order products while also keeping track of their lab inventory.Catering from mid level through to upper management positions in small, medium and large companies, Assurance Pharma offers a professional, ethical and knowledgeable approach to the clinical, manufacturing, compliance and post approval positions within the life science industries.V-Net is currently importing data from over 3,000 retail stores within the Asia Pacific region on a daily basis.
Using this consumer demand data the solution processes the information through complex benchmarking and forecasting models to create demand plans and actionable outcomes that can either drive an actual retailer reverse purchase order or be used for improved planning purposes and detailed category management.Export Abroad takes a data driven approach to logistics and trade.
Our tools consist web applications that automate global expansion and optimize operations.
Companies who are interested in optimizing their: operations, sales, or customer service; please don't hesitate to reach out to info@exportabroad.comAccelerant is a process driven, full service provider specializing Life sciences and High Technology industry.
Life Science services
- Product strategy
- Clinical and regulatory
- Quality & Safety
- Technology Solutions
- Analytics & Insights
High Tech Services
- Product engineering
- Business transformationNommon provides decision support tools and consulting services for organisational intelligence and policy assessment.
We apply the state of the art in complex systems science and information technologies to integrate analytical and simulation models with supporting databases, offering our customers virtual laboratories to assess the impact of a set of potential strategies under different scenarios.Metafused is an award-winning AI company helping banks and corporates predict liquidity and improve efficiencies by at least 20%.
It has built a unique technology over the last two years which processes 7.5 billion data points to create 40 million event triggers which are prioritised into 80+ intent models.Since 1998 we develop software solutions for manufacturing companies: logistic- and production planning, product cost calculation and supply chain management solutions.
Our Supply Chain Mapping Software AMERIGO enables the visualization of the whole supply chain network  from raw material to final product.A world where every company becomes a software company in need of algorithms to improve their business performance.
Our software enables autonomous decision-making in operations.
Our algorithms provide superior service, lower costs and create a more sustainable business.
Connect to our world-class algorithms for retail, industrial equipment, maritime and waste.MOSIMTEC, a modeling and simulation services firm that enables businesses to leverage modern advancements in predictive analytics, assists clients in making better decisions through the application of advanced decision support tools.
MOSIMTEC leverages modern advancements in modeling and simulation science and technology to solve complex issues for clients across various industries.Whether youre a marketer, analyst, risk manager or business intelligence expert, you know how important it is generate predictive analytics models with the help of data science.
DMWay Analytics provides subject matter experts with an easy, self-service predictive analytics platform so you can make data-driven decisions about your businesses in minutes.Building on our flagship work in big data analytics, we apply techniques from the social and data sciences to find meaning in complexity.
We stand on the shoulders of giants by incorporating leading-edge technologies and analytic methods into our process, but deliver tailored products or tools that solve distinctive, complex problems with a high degree of accuracy.RASA is a CRO offering solutions and services in the area of Life sciences.
With our combined experience in Bio-informatics and Chemo-informatics and strong advisory board, RASA is set to provide premium services in technology solutions, product development and training.ArrowStream is the first company to develop innovative solutions that address both supply chain management and inbound logistics, optimizing powerful data to provide unprecedented levels of transparency, control, and actionable insight.
ArrowStream has been serving the food industry for over 18 years, combining proven supply chain expertise with data science and analytics to help clients rethink and optimize their supply chains.The price of this speed to action is that businesses and brands often overlook fundamental patterns of how customers behave and decisions are made.
Greenberg Strategy is a strategy and research consultancy focused on helping organizations identify the human patterns that impact their businesses.Aviso offers the industrys most powerful AI-driven forecasting and sales visibility platform.
Only Aviso leverages Artificial Intelligence to provide data-driven forecasts, 360-degree visibility into sales performance and pipeline health, an automated rollup, and machine learning insight into deals and pipeline value to provide a clear path to achieve both current and future goals.Kno.e.sis is a world-class research center that uses semantic, cognitive, and perceptual computing for gathering insights from physical/IoT,  cyber/Web, social and enterprise (e.g., clinical) big data.
Practically all our work involves real world challenges, real-world data, interdisciplinary collaborators, path-breaking research to solve the challenges, real-world deployments, real world use, and measurable real world impact.dataffirm is an alternative investment manager that uses advanced data science to make investment decisions.
We are an independent privately owned company founded by our management and EQT, a leading global private equity firm.
dataffirm is hiring exceptional data scientists and software engineers to join our growing team.Through consulting, environmental modeling, and application development, ASA helps a diverse range of clients in government, industry, and academics investigate their issues of concern and obtain functional answers.
Our clients include government agencies, major corporations, environmental and regulatory consulting firms, legal firms, and research and academic institutions.Our product will allow first responders and clinicians to diagnose the severity of a brain injury in any setting quickly, accurately, and inexpensively.
At Neural Analytics, we are building a product that will be simple to use, affordable and available in many clinical and non-clinical settings for diagnosing and monitoring of brain trauma.At HAL Robotics, we help enterprise improve their operating business matrices by deploying our  - home grown AI-powered IoT data platform which is interwoven with custom-designed special purpose hardware sensors.
Traditional sensor systems, because of its complex and complicated infrastructural deployment hasnt only been corroding large investments (made by enterprise), but also been proving ineffective from business matrices standpoint, amidst such fast changing business dynamics.Schireson is a strategy consulting firm with offices in New York, Seattle, Boston, and Austin.
We deliver truly custom strategies to our clients built on a foundation of data science, advanced research, cultural fluency, and strong business experience.Illumination Works (ILW) is a solution enablement company with deep expertise and experience in designing and building powerful infrastructures for big data, advanced analytics, data warehousing, and business intelligence solutions.
Founded in 2006, ILW has grown its expertise from traditional data warehouse and business intelligence implementations to the latest big data technologies with massive parallel processing, producing the predictive analytics and visualization capabilities.Rubikloud is changing retail with intelligent decision automation using AI.
We believe that making intelligent decisions can be made easier with AI and today we have multi-billion-dollar clients with retail brands operating in North America, Europe, and Asia.Stone Bonds SharePoint product automates data extraction and presentation from multiple sources simultaneously, aligned and mapped through virtual cross-application relationships, without any custome coding
Stone Bond's EE-LIMS is a fully configurable workflow management solution that helps Life Science Laboratories streamline assets and share essential information.In a world where the pace of change is constantly increasing, how do you take control of your business?
GoDataDriven provides the data consultancy you need to transform your business into a DataDriven enterprise that can respond quickly to change.
GoDataDriven develops custom data solutions and predictive models to ensure your business is in front of the wave.Operating at the intersection of Data Science and Artificial Intelligence fields, our Machine Learning technology is being used by Fortune 500 customers in the Finance, Manufacturing, Life-Sciences, Energy, e-Commerce, Internet and Healthcare industries.
We combine state-of-the-art artificial intelligence technology with large-scale computing to accelerate breakthroughs that are hidden in the data.It also drives sales by helping salespeople with account plans that provide the entire buying committee and 1-on-1 personalized messaging to engage them effectively.
Behind the scenes is a connected data set of every company in the world, with their suppliers, partners, competitors, customers, products and priorities.BzzAgent, dunnhumbys advocacy marketing arm, helps the worlds largest brands engage everyday influencers to drive sales.
BzzAgent has been a pioneer of word of mouth marketing since 2001 and as the global leader in consumer advocacy we have spent years using the power of human interaction to help brands build trust in a managed, scalable, and measured way.Quantium started out as a data analytics firm, helping businesses make better decisions.
These days we help our clients navigate the complex world of data, analytics and technology to deliver powerful insights with clear business applications.
Connections with data owners and close collaborations with clients allow Quantium to power new possibilities for business.Instem is a leading supplier of IT applications to the early development healthcare market delivering compelling solutions for data collection, management and analysis across the R&D continuum.
Instem supports its clients through full service offices in the United States, United Kingdom and China with additional locations in India and a full service distributor based in Japan.TEG Analytics is a data-science-as-a-services company and helps organisations make better decisions at the intersection of business, technology, and applied mathematics.
Over time the speed at which business needs to act and react to the market conditions has gone up, TEG focuses on the alignment between the speed of business and speed of insights.The ability for engineers of any skill level to build deep learning and computer vision models.
We have created an AI system that acts, thinks and learns like a data scientist.
This system will forever change the way people think about or do data science.
We are here to fundamentally change data science.Corporate360 is a SalesTech company, offering SaaS based marketing data cloud software for B2B marketers to help discover sales leads, ideal buyer profiles, technology installations & competitive intelligence.
Corporate360 serves sales, marketing, analytics and data science teams at Fortune 500 and fast-growing data-driven organizations across a wide variety of industries with over 300 global clients.The Illinois Science and Technology Coalition (ISTC) is a 501(c)(6) member-driven nonprofit that harnesses the power of research and innovation to expand and enrich the state's economy.
The ISTC serves as an impartial convener and broker around federal grant opportunities and other partnerships, catalyzes new initiatives that fill gaps in Illinois' research and innovation pipeline, and champions the state's tech economy through advocacy and data-driven reporting.Our five underlying values encompass what it means to work at Tigerspike: Transparency, Resilience, Problem-Solving, Energy and Curiosity.
Weve joined the Concentrix family and are accelerating our focus on People, Practice and Product: We recruit the best people and create small product teams, which results in great chemistry that can solve even the toughest business problems.With laboratory locations in North Carolinas Research Triangle area and Hamburg, Germany, BioAgilytix provides PK, immunogenicity, biomarkers, and cell-based assay services supporting the development and release testing of biologics across a number of industries and disease states.
BioAgilytix offers assay development, validation, and sample analysis under non-GLP, spirit-of-GLP, and GLP,  as well as product release testing under GMP.In 2012, JDX had a vision to create a global consulting firm inspired by entrepreneurship and a unique culture.
JDX is a global consulting company specialising in aligning flexible resourcing solutions to clients in areas of change, remediation, technology and advisory projects.As part of the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson, we are working to create a world without disease.
Such scams can be from various sources on the internet using either fake company websites, or sending unsolicited emails from fake Actelion recruiters.Tendril delivers personalized energy experiences for consumers around the world.
To do this we employ the latest in energy science and data analytics to unveil a complete understanding of the individual consumer, including their unique needs and propensities to act.
With this granular understanding we help our customers unlock the true value of energy interactions.Companies looking to cure disease, solve energy efficiency, or reach Mars all use Resolute to identify, understand, and engage the technologies and innovators that will change the world.
Our AI offers next-generation solutions for patent search, technology matchmaking, trend analytics, and R&D enterprise search.Data Science Executive Search
The people at Pernod Analytics know that the superior passive talent is hidden within the market and will tailor their search to find the talent that will fit your specific culture and needs.
Marketing Mix Modeling
Media Mix ModelingAurotech, Inc. is a CMMi-ML3 assessed, small-business Management and Technology Consulting firm focused on providing Federal government agencies with creative and actionable business solutions in the areas of Work Management, Program and Portfolio Management, Health IT, Litigation and eDiscovery, IT Management Consulting, Business Transformations, Data Science,  Drug Lifecycle Tracking, Healthcare Data Archiving and Enterprise Content Management.
Aurotech is committed to delivering the highest quality services for our clients  within budget, scope, and schedule.TFS was founded in 1996 and has grown to become a leading global mid-size clinical CRO focusing on small and mid-size life science customers.
We can provide end-to-end solutions or flexible single services.
Our partnering approach with customers is based on our four business principles  commitment, flexibility, value creation and global reach.Aptus Data Labs (Aptusdatalabs Technologies Private Limited - CIN:U72900KA2014PTC077646) is an innovative Data Science and Advanced Analytics Company offering analytical solutions and consulting services that help businesses make quick, cogent, data-driven decisions, essentially required to sustain and grow in tandem with evolving industry trends.After more than two decades as the leader in language resource development and distribution, LDC continues its mission of providing large quantities of diverse data, research program support and high quality member services.
Human language technology development and its related fields are changing rapidly and need effective digital resource delivery, greater language coverage, new data genres, faster, cost-efficient annotation processes and flexible tools.We are an International Specialist Recruitment Company with a proven track record of sourcing and selecting best fit talent.
Our experienced recruitment teams select best fit solutions in order to provide the talent that companies need to give their organisation a competitive advantage.Auris is a technology company dedicated to improving healthcare for all patients who need medical intervention.
Auris will dramatically accelerate the development of less invasive intervention by allowing precision and consistency of care across each treatment.
Our technology uses a patient-specific approach that maintains the integrity of the human body and its organ systems during medical intervention.This new identity embodies the direction the company has taken since 2010: accelerated development, internationalization, enhanced shareholding, and diversification of activities (additives, petcare, aquaculture).
Neovia is a new identity but it is primarily a unique way of understanding the challenges of the future: co-innovation, sustainable development and rational use of resources, feed quality and traceability, digitalization and big data.The mission of Florida Polytechnic University is to prepare 21st century learners in advanced fields of science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) to become innovative problem-solvers and high-tech professionals through interdisciplinary teaching, leading-edge research and collaborative local, regional and global partnerships.We help them reduce costs and increase business agility by finding the resources they need in healthcare, pharmaceuticals, financial services and technology.
We are dedicated to helping our clients achieve the momentum they need to ensure continued business success.Flytxt is the independent market leader in intelligent customer engagement technology.
Flytxts flagship NEON-dX is an out-of-the-box, real-time decision-making and marketing automation product that allows large enterprises to drive personalized and contextual customer engagement across digital touch points using analytics and artificial intelligence.Abertay University offers world-leading courses in computer arts and computer games technology, as well as expertise in business, engineering, health, science and sport.
With business opportunities and scientific challenges rapidly changing, Abertay is taking a different approach to education.At the graduate level the academic offerings are: Master of Science (MS) in: Civil Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering, and Manufacturing Competitiveness; Master of Engineering in: Civil Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering and Manufacturing Engineering, Master in: Computer Sciences, Engineering Management, Environmental Management, Landscape Architecture, and Manufacturing Competitiveness: Master of Business Administration in: Computer Information Systems (E  Commerce & Data Base), General and Interdisciplinary, and International Enterprises.Quotacom is a boutique executive search firm that has been established to solve the hiring challenges of the worlds leading software vendors, consultancies and the businesses that they help to transform.
Our experienced team specialises in creating bespoke and flexible search solutions for high growth start-ups, established enterprise software brands, technology consultancies and companies adopting bleeding edge technology.After 60 years of hard work in Taiwan, the university has grown and become fully accredited turning into one of the most prestigious private universities on the island, complete with six colleges (School of Big Data Management began enrolling students in 2015), 23 departments, 22 Masteral programs, and 6 Doctoral Programs.The home of the UKs best Information Management and Data Analytics jobs.
As specialist recruiters to the Information Management and Data Analytics industry our candidates often have highly sought after, niche skills including:
 Data Science
 Data Engineering
 Data Governance / Quality
 Big Data
 Master Data Management (MDM)Mazzetti is a global provider of MEP engineering design and technology consulting.
Our vision is to make the world a better place by creating better (healthier) environments.
In January 2018, Atlanta-based MEP firm PerryCrabb joined our Mazzetti family, expanding our reach and expertise in the Southeast.NM Incite was established with the vision that real-time, authentic consumer expression in social media transforms how marketers build strong brands, create passionate and engaged brand communities, and ultimately achieve superior sales outcomes.
NM Incite customers are innovative, global marketing executives in brand management, consumer insights and market research at leading Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG), Financial Services, Healthcare and Technology companies.Venturi recruits in USA, Germany & UK.
Venturi Recruits: 
Venturi started in 2009 and was founded by our Director Brad Lamb an established IT recruiter with over 10 years experience.
What makes Venturi special is the team around them.
We invest in our own talent every single day, enabling us to build a team of highly knowledgeable and strongly motivated recruiters.AddThis is the leading provider of behavioral audience data and website marketing tools.
We help brands build more authentic customer relationships through insight, activation and personalization products powered by the AddThis Audience Intelligence (Ai) platform.
AddThis Ai processes the real-time interest and intent data from 1.9B monthly uniques across 15M global domains.Integrated Resources Inc.
Since its inception in 1996, IRI has continued to grow in size, opportunities, service and quality.
Our expert team of highly trained counselors work hand in hand with every candidate and client forming a partnership of understanding and commitment.Dstillery extracts intelligence from desktop, mobile and location data to match a consumers digital journey with their physical actions.
We empower brands to reach audiences across Mobile, Desktop and Video at moments that matter with unprecedented accuracy.
Our employees are the driving force behind Dstillerys 97% client retention rate and the reason that hundreds of the most innovative marketers rely on Dstillery.Magnetic is a digital marketing and artificial intelligence company that uses machine learning to deliver smarter, faster, and more effective advertising.
Our powerful AI platform continuously analyzes the attributes of 320 million live user profiles alongside real-time inventory supply and bid opportunities to deliver highly performant and profitable ad campaigns for our clients.
Learn more at magnetic.com or email us at contactus@magnetic.com.SMARTe works as a true agile DaaS partner to provide high quality global data fueled by data science.
 Relevant Contacts  Real-Time Global Prospects discovery/enrich from 320 Million profiles, Web verified
 GDPR Compliant Data  Enrich missing Country/Job Titles, etc., sourcing sales-ready contacts, social profiles append as per data privacy and process adherenceCrowdFlower is a Human-in-the-Loop AI solution for data science and machine learning teams.
The CrowdFlower software platform trains, tests, and tunes machine learning models to make AI work in the real world.It is powered by the patented Cota Nodal Address (CNA), a unique digital classification methodology built by leading physicians and data scientists.
The CNA is the first and only system that precisely categorizes patient factors, their diseases and intended therapies, enabling precision medicine at scale.FabFitFun inspires happiness through discovery.
We're the #1 full-size subscription box, helping our members discover brands and products for a life well-lived.
Our fast-growing subscription service reaches hundreds of thousands of women in the US and Canada, and our editorial content, videos, and social posts entertain millions of women around the world each month.Headquartered in Stuttgart, Germany, the Lapp Group is a leading supplier of integrated wire, cabling and connector products and solutions.
When Oskar Lapp invented the first cable with colour-coded wires in 1959, he named this innovative product LFLEX and in so doing also created a catchy brand name which has accompanied the product during its great success.Aerotech designs and manufactures best-in-class motion control and precision positioning systems for industry, government, science, and research institutions.
Aerotechs philosophy of building superior motion control systems starts with designing and manufacturing technically superior components.
An Aerotech system begins with Aerotech motion components that are already best in class and specifically designed and optimized for the highest performance and lowest cost of ownership available.We identify, capitalize, develop, and prove novel business concepts in healthcare.
       Develop distribution and business models for new health-care products
       Develop new risk-sharing models for payers, providers, and commercial organizations
Were seeking employees with backgrounds in healthcare research, entrepreneurship, data science, and software development.
Were also seeking employees who share our values:We believe there are two types of financial products: chutes and ladders.
One of our core values is that every product we offer at LendUp is a ladder, measured by the long-term financial well-being of our customers.With over 4.5 million users, Anaconda is the worlds most popular Python data science platform.
Anaconda, Inc. continues to lead open source projects like Anaconda, NumPy and SciPy that form the foundation of modern data science.
Anacondas flagship product, Anaconda Enterprise, allows organizations to secure, govern, scale and extend Anaconda to deliver actionable insights that drive businesses and industries forward.IntegriChain is a rapidly growing healthcare technology company, offering the leading cloud for enriched data and analytics to optimize distribution, patient access, and market access for life sciences managed markets teams.
Today IntegriChain is the trusted partner for all top-10 bio/pharmaceutical companies, 17 of the top-20 life science companies, and more than 50 other suppliers, totaling more than $250 billion in annual US commerce.Build your team with Intechriti by combining hi-tech sourcing solutions with high integrity service professionals using advanced analytics and robust tools for hard-to-fill positions.
We are passionate about delivering an improved recruiter experience while building world class teams, and introducing people to life changing opportunities.As a trusted leader in medication monitoring, Ameritox provides medical and business professionals with health care solutions that can help improve patient care and prevent tragedy.
Ameritox has also established a service, Ingenuity Health, which uses similar drug monitoring science to provide highly reliable data that helps doctors and behavioral health specialists improve treatment for patients diagnosed with serious mental illness.Home to the iconic Ask.com website and headquartered in Oaklands thriving downtown, Ask Media Group is a collection of websites that help curious people find the information they need.
Our technology helps us explore opportunities to acquire web traffic, provide satisfying user experiences, and profitably monetize every session, and do so in a way that can be scaled massively and efficiently.Civis Analytics helps businesses use data to gain a competitive advantage in how they identify, attract, and engage loyal customers and employees.
With a powerful combination of best-in-class proprietary data, cutting-edge software solutions, and an interdisciplinary team of data scientists, developers, and survey science experts, Civis works with Fortune 500 companies and the countrys largest nonprofits to make data-driven decision-making essential to how the worlds best companies do business.Creator and driving force behind Anacondathe leading Open Data Science platform powered by Python.
We're helping people change the world.
Continuum Analytics Anaconda is the leading Open Data Science platform powered by Python.
With Anaconda, teams manage Open Data Science environments and harness the power of the latest open source analytic and technology innovations.Tampere University of Technology (TUT) conducts scientific research in technology and architecture and provides higher education within these fields.
The University educates Masters of Science in Technology and Architecture and Doctors of Technology and Philosophy whose diverse expertise is sought in working life.
TUT is located in Tampere, the Nordic countries largest inland city, some 170 km north of the capital Helsinki.Luxe is an on-demand valet parking and car services app that believes that commuting and the car ownership experience doesn't need to be expensive or stressful.
We are making it simple for people to own a car and get to what they want to do and enjoy, by making parking, commuting and maintaining a car an affordable, easy and convenient experience.Data and Analytics recruitment is our core business and were proud to say, our customers believe were good at it.
Harnham has actively chosen to focus on Data and Analytics, weve immersed ourselves in this market and are now an integral part of this business community.Velti was founded in 2000 and is a leading provider of innovative mobile-centric marketing, customer retention and content based solutions trusted globally by hundreds of mobile operators, brands and media groups.
With global presence, Velti supports its customers with highly experienced teams that deliver marketing initiatives through the mobile channel.The team's extensive experience in the design, implementation, and management of IT systems includes consulting with big 5 companies and teaching and training in Business Analysis, QA, QTP Selenium, Java J2EE, .Net, Salesforce, Informatica, Android Development, Cloud Computing, Analytics, Big Data Hadoop, Data Science, CRM, ERP, SAP Enterprise Solutions, and Business Process Management (BPM) Implementation solutions.OKAYA provides world-class IT CONSULTING & STAFFING SOLUTIONS to a global clientele, ranging from growth-stage SME's to the FORTUNE 1000.
- Payroll and Insurance Services mitigate administrative hassles
IT Consulting
Healthcare and Life Sciences
TECHNOLOGY DOMAINS:
Global Consulting Positions (Agile Coach, BDM)
Analytics (Big Data, Hadoop, Data Science)
Mobile Technologies
Contract-to-HireRockstar Recruiters in Machine Learning
From San Francisco to Shanghai and everywhere in between, we recruit the best people into the most exciting companies, all over the world.
Onalytica Top 100 Artificial Intelligence Publications 2017
Onalytica Top 100 Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Publications 2016 
Onalytica Top 100 Big Data Brands 2016
Onalytica Top 100 Big Data Brands 2016Info Edge, Indias premier online classifieds company is fundamentally in the matching business.
The Research Lab will leverage Data Science to innovate, disrupt and solve for key business problems, and lay foundation for our next-gen products.We help companies adopt disruptive technologies to advance innovation and increase agility.
Our highly skilled technical teams work as an integrated extension of our clients organizations to deliver continuous transformation and uninterrupted operational excellence using our expertise in cloud, DevOps, big data infrastructure, advanced analytics, infrastructure management, and databases.Affectivas mission is to bring emotional intelligence to the digital world with our emotion recognition technology that senses and analyzes facial expressions and emotion.
Affectivas SDKs and APIs enable developers to add emotion-sensing and analytics to their own mobile apps, games, devices, applications and digital experiences.IHiS is a multiple award-winning Healthcare IT Leader that digitises, connects, and analyses Singapore's health ecosystem.
Transforming healthcare through smart technology, IHiS has garnered more than 80 awards for its innovations.Founded in 1957, the National Radio Astronomy Observatory (NRAO) is a Federally Funded Research and Development Center (FFRDC) that is part of the National Science Foundation (NSF) and operated under cooperative agreement by Associated Universities, Inc.
    Central Development Laboratory (CDL) at NRAO Technology Center (NTC),  Charlottesville, VALaunched in late April 2015, Chef'd was created to help consumers rethink the home-cooked meal by offering fresh, pre-portioned ingredients to help eliminate food waste and cut grocery costs without the hassle of subscription or membership fees.Our proven enterprise marketing solutions afford our clients the power and flexibility needed to execute sophisticated strategies that keep customers engaged, retained and monetized.
Unlike other marketing platforms, our best-in-class analysis and data visualization tools empower anyone to definitively evaluate campaign effectiveness and immediately optimize their efforts without the need for additional engineering resources or specialized technical knowledge. Master of Arts in International Economics and Finance (MA)
 Master of Business Administration (MBA)
 Master of Science in Finance (MSF)
 Master of Business Analytics (MSBA)*
 PhD in International Economics and Finance (PhD)
 BA/MA and BA/MBA programsIn 2016 Kensho was named by Fortune as one of the "5 Hottest Companies in Fintech," and it topped Forbes' inaugural and 2016 lists of the most innovative Fintech companies in the world.
In 2017 at Davos, Kensho was named a "Technology Pioneer" by the World Economic Forumone of most innovative technology companiesof any kindin the world.
Curious technologists and data scientists, please say hello: jobs@kensho.comDWA, a Merkle Company, is a global media and marketing agency for technology companies.
That's why you'll find us at the intersection of media, technology and strategic marketing.
- SMB Premier Google Partner
- Google Analytics CertifiedThe backbone of the Radius platform, The Network of Record is the industrys most comprehensive, accurate and up-to-date source of B2B data.
With tight integrations with sales and marketing platforms such as Salesforce.com, Oracle Eloqua, and Marketo, as well as digital channels, Radius customers can zero in and take action on this rich data source and intelligence immediately.The Oncotype DX portfolio of breast, colon and prostate cancer tests applies advanced genomic science to reveal the unique biology of a tumor in order to optimize cancer treatment decisions.
The company's flagship product, the Oncotype DX Breast Recurrence Score, has been shown to predict the likelihood of chemotherapy benefit as well as recurrence in invasive breast cancer.Nityo provides these services to several clients located across the globe, including many Fortune 1000 and Global 2000 companies, in the commercial, industrial and government sectors - across key vertical markets, like financial services, Manufacturing & Semiconductor, life sciences and healthcare, retail, telecommunications and utilities, Top notch System Integrator, and independent software vendors.Our margin and profit optimization solutions help global customers make better data-driven decisions for pricing and sales effectiveness.
Using cutting-edge analytics and deep industry expertise, Vendavo boasts the largest number of implementations for B2B enterprises in the industry, having helped more than 300 company divisions dramatically increase revenue, improve profit margins and maximize shareholder value.One of the Boston area's fastest growing technology companies, Jobcase is the only social media site dedicated to empowering America's workforce.
Jobcase is a mission driven company that is focused on harnessing the power of Machine Learning, Big Data and Blockchain technology to empower people in their worklife.Our faculty and flexible blended-learning platform, combining part-time online education and in-person training, provide the most relevant and in-demand technical skills to anyone with the drive and determination to re-skill, up-skill and define success on their terms.
Our members include first-time entrepreneurs, growing startups, and Fortune 1000 companies all looking to level-up.WorkFusion's Intelligent Automation empowers enterprise operations to digitize.
WorkFusion combines robotic process automation (RPA), AI-powered cognitive automation, workflow, intelligent conversational agents, crowdsourcing and analytics into enterprise-grade products purpose-built for operations professionals.
These capabilities let enterprise leaders digitize their operation, exponentially increasing productivity and improving service delivery.Recently named to Fast Companys list of the World's Most Innovative Companies in 2017, Clique is a global media, marketing, and consumer brands company.
Cliques two key marketing offerings, Clique Studios (an in-house creative agency) and INF Network (representing 55+ top bloggers and influencers), deliver integrated and native advertising programs, all while inspiring consumers to discover and shop.M Science is a data-driven research and analytics firm, uncovering new insights for leading financial institutions and corporations.
Founded in 2002, M Science is revolutionizing research, discovering new data sets and pioneering methodologies to provide actionable intelligence.
We combine the best of finance, data and technology to create a truly unique value proposition for both financial services firms and top corporations.At Sasaki, we believe in the transformative power of place.
Places transcend physical spaces, becoming the context and the content of our experience of life.
Today we are a diverse practice of 270 professionals who share a singular passion for creating spaces and places around the world that prove human potential.TDWI offers five major conferences, topical seminars, onsite education, a worldwide membership program, business intelligence certification, live Webinars, resourceful publications, industry news, an in-depth research program, and a comprehensive website: tdwi.org.
TDWI on LinkedInJoin the TDWI LinkedIn Group and connect with over 60,000 data science, analytics and BI  professionals worldwide at http://tdwi.org/linkedin/tdwi.Counsyl has screened over 750,000 patients and served over 10,000 health professionals in its modern clinical laboratory.
Counsyl integrates sophisticated technology with custom robotic automation in its accredited medical laboratory.
This focus on technology has made Counsyl a leader in helping patients and doctors communicate about medical results in real time.We understand this and take every step possible to mitigate risk and ensure our clients avoid making bad hires.
Our unique screening process ensures bad hires and additional layers are avoided, resulting in quality at sensible price points.
R121 vets everyone, after collating 13 years of information and research we avoid the majority and present the minority!Narrative Science is the leader in natural language generation (NLG) for the enterprise.
Quill, its NLG platform, learns and writes like a person, automatically transforming data into narrativesinsightful, conversational communications full of audience-relevant information that provide complete transparency into how analytic decisions are made.
For more information on Narrative Science, visit http://narrativescience.com/.New Resources Consulting is a leading management and technology consulting firm with offices in Milwaukee, WI; Overland Park, KS; and Winston-Salem, NC.
We work with companies - large and small, in a variety of industries - to improve business through technology.
New Resources Consulting is a member of the New Resources Family of Companies.We offer a comprehensive national network of clinical, therapeutic, educational, and employment programs and services that positively impact the lives of tens of thousands of children, adults  and their families  every year.
Our Mission: Devereux Advanced Behavioral Health changes lives  by unlocking and nurturing human potential in people living with emotional, behavioral or cognitive differences.We were initially backed by the National Science Foundation and bootstrapped to millions in revenue before taking venture capital financing in late 2015.
Cisco, Salesforce, Castrol, Gartner, as well as top-tier VCs including, NEA, Upfront Ventures, RRE, and FirstMark Capital rely on CB Insights to make decisions based on data, not decibels.James, formerly known as CrowdProcess, is a data science company responsible for the risk management tool with the same name that has been adopted by financial institutions in Europe, US, and Africa.
James was built to make risk officers' lives easier by helping them achieve lower default rates and better origination practices.At Displayr, we're working to solve the biggest problem in data science: it is just too hard to do.
We're building apps that brings data science, visualization, and reporting to everyone.
Our two main products are Displayr, the world's first complete data science tool; and Q, the complete toolkit for market researchers.We excel in generating value from data by developing, integrating and maintaining your big data platforms and predictive solutions.
Xomnias big data training programs enable and further develop the data driven capabilities of your own employees.
In Xomnia you will find the full-service big data partner to realize your data driven ambitions.We offer innovative technology implementations and build customer-centric services that are simple, intuitive, scalable, efficient and most importantly usable.
We at Softrams, believe in agile repeatable processes, modern technologies, intuitive user interfaces, simple solutions, user-centric services that work for our clients and their customers.By leveraging technology, native content advertising, influencer marketing and traditional print media advertising our brands have proven successful across the beauty sector.
KF Beauty works with a number of top publishers to reach desired audiences across print, editorial reviews and social media channels  supporting our brands and the retailers we work with.Thanks to our natural language processing (NLP) algorithms - the most robust in the world - virtual agents built on our platform can comprehend what the users are enquiring, even if they use slang, dialects or have made spelling mistakes.With over $200 million under management, Mercury focuses on entrepreneurs and technology innovation originating in the U.S. Midcontinent.
Our venture investment strategy leverages our unparalleled network of midcontinent startup development organizations, corporate innovation partners, and co-investors to assist entrepreneurs with the resources they need to rapidly scale their businesses.The reliability of our airfare analytics and the quality of our web-fare data have enabled us to become the worlds leading provider of Airfare Intelligence Solutions to the aviation industry.
We deliver 3.5 billion airfare observations each day to customers worldwide, while providing them with state-of-the-art analytic tools which give them full access to a world of fast and reliable fare analysis.The Faculdade de Psicologia da Universidade de Lisboa (FPUL) has the mission of offering worldclass training and research in the field of Psychology and Cognitive Science, investing in the dissemination of Psychology as science and intervention scientifically grounded.We kickoff engagements within a weeks notice and reduce time to market by 25%, thanks to our standby cloud specialists and home-grown accelerators.
Our unique digital solutioning approach incorporates agility and flexibility to adapt with the rapidly changing business climate of digital businesses and achieve ROI within 12 to 18 monthsThe Eversight platform has driven results for more than 1,500 product groups on 50 retailers and digital platforms.
Global brands and retailers rely on the Eversight platform to optimize pricing and respond to market conditions, deliver higher ROI on promotional spend, and enable data-driven collaboration on investments.We leverage result-oriented analytics solutions to help our clients make smarter fact-based business decisions.
Leadics brings strong business and functional knowledge across sectors like Automotive, Energy, Consumer products, Retail and Financial Services with expertise in analytics, quantitative modeling, visualization tools and technology to deliver sustainable and scalable decision support systems.BigID is transforming enterprise protection and privacy of personal data.
Today enterprises lack dedicated purpose built technology to help them track and govern their customer data.
By bringing data science to data privacy, BigID aims to give enterprises the software to safeguard and steward the most important asset organizations manage: their customer data.
email:          info@bigid.com
twitter:         https://twitter.com/bigidsecure
medium:      https://medium.com/bigid-on-id-privacyREC4IT is an Amsterdam based Talent Acquisition Company specialized in Digital Technology.
We have the know-how and expertise to properly match the highly skilled candidates within our extensive network, with vacant positions across diverse companies.
REC4IT knows that attracting the right talent plays a major role in the success of a business.Advanced specialization, proactive talent acquisition and global access form the centerpiece of our approach, enabling our people to collaborate with colleagues both locally and around the world to deliver highly skilled professionals to the most prestigious and technical industries.Omnicom Media Group, UK exists to fuel excellence across its agencies  OMD UK, Manning Gottlieb OMD, Hearts & Science, PHD, Rocket - and its Specialist Services including Annalect, Accuen, Fuse, Drum, ethnic and barter.
Omnicom Media Group, UK's agencies are: 
Manning Gottlieb OMD - Continually Creating Difference Evalueserve is a global professional services provider offering research, analytics, and data management services.
This approach enables us to design and manage processes that can generate and harness insights on a large scale, significantly cutting costs and timescales and helping businesses that partner with us to overtake the competition.
Read more about mind+machine in our blog: http://blog.evalueserve.com/Sia Partners is an independent management & operational strategy consulting company, organized around the following Business Units: Energy & Environment, Financial Services, Transportation &
Sia Partners has now more than 1000 consultants and projected revenues of 140 million euros (2016/2017).
Convinced of the relevance of its positioning, Sia Partners boasts a strong development and aims toThe establishment of the world-leading facilities MAX IV and ESS will have a major impact on future scientific and industrial development in both materials science and life science.
MAX IV, which was inaugurated in June 2016, is the leading synchrotron radiation facility in the world, while the European research facility ESS will be the worlds most powerful neutron source when it opens for research in 2023.InterQuest Group is an award-winning, specialist technology recruitment business that operates at the forefront of digital transformation.
 Intelligent Automation (Blockchain, Business Analysis, Project Management, Business Process Automation / BPA tools, Technical Architects and Solutions leads, Strategy and Business Consultants, Chatbots)Our university for science and technology dates back to the year 1855, when the founders of modern-day Switzerland created it as a centre of innovation and knowledge.
The results and innovations produced by ETH researchers are channelled into some of Switzerlands most high-tech sectors: from computer science through to micro- and nanotechnology and cutting-edge medicine.The Endress+Hauser Group:
Endress+Hauser  is a global leader in measurement instrumentation, services and solutions for industrial process engineering.
The company supports customers with automation engineering, logistics and IT services and solutions.
Endress+Hauser supports its customers in optimizing their processes in terms of reliability, safety, economic efficiency and environmental impact.Today, we're one of the world's leading providers of professional services for engineering and technology  improving safety and increasing the performance of critical infrastructures for clients in over 75 countries worldwide.
In a world of increasing complexity  overloaded with data and opinion - we know that our clients need more than technology to succeed.We connect the world of tech buyers with insights, intent and engagement.
Today, IDG is the worlds leading technology media, data and marketing services company.
We are the new model of a modern media company, with a data-driven approach and marketing services that accelerate purchasing and deepen engagement.
At the heart of technology is IDG.Tatras Data provides on demand data science services for clients requiring deeper skills, team scalability and faster time to market.
Whether youre just getting started with business analytics, or need to outsource some of your existing activity, or are looking to use analytics as a competitive differentiator, Tatras will deliver the data science services your business requires.Impetus is focused on creating big business impact through big data solutions for Fortune 1000 enterprises.
Impetus offers full life-cycle services for big data technology implementations, including technology strategy, solution architecture, proof of concept, production implementation and on-going support to its clients.The Center for Research in Educational Policy plans and conducts high-quality studies and evaluations to determine what works in schools.
We meet the diverse needs of the educational community by designing valid and reliable instruments for data gathering.Xoriant Corporation is a software product engineering and services company, serving large enterprise software companies as well as mature technology start-ups.
Xoriant's Product Development and Engineering service line offers a full life cycle software development and engineering services to independent software vendors, systems companies and companies offering enterprise, cloud, web, social networking, media and mobile applications.We work across ALL industries and major business functions with clients that span Fortune 100 corporations to startups.
We work closely with our clients and are very deliberate in matching skills, career goals and positions.As such, Two Sigmas use of LinkedIn is not an offer to, or solicitation of, any potential clients or investors for the provision by Two Sigma of investment management, advisory or any other related services.Michigan Aerospace Corporation (MAC) is an advanced engineering and products company that provides innovative sensing, intelligent systems, and software solutions for space, air, and earth-bound applications.
Our multidisciplinary science and engineering team has experience in analysis, design, fabrication, testing and field support for a broad array of optical, mechanical, electrical, software applications.Cognition is what drives human progress.
Understanding the meaning of the data our minds process every second is one of our brain's most powerful functions.
At Cognitev we try to bring this to machines using the power of Artificial Intelligence.
The application of this science is limitless and can transform industries such as advertising, ecommerce, and more.Founded in 2010 to bring efficiency and transparency to intellectual property, Patexia leverages the collaboration power of its online community of IP professionals together with patent and lawsuit data and complex algorithms to provide its thousands of members worldwide, with multiple unique services, which can be broken down into four distinct arms, CCRI.Some 200 scientists and technical support staff conduct basic and applied research in geology, compile geologic maps, and gather and manage the state's geological data to provide information to industry, governmental agencies and the public about the geology and mineral resources of Illinois.PredictiveHire is a team of data scientists, artificial intelligence experts, IO psychologists and recruitment industry veterans whove joined together on a mission to change the way candidate assessment is done, by leveraging the power of smart technology.
Offices in the US, UK and Australia.Through our complete understanding of complex transactional structures BPA brings great experience in the areas of securitizations, portfolio management, risk management, asset based lending, due diligence, litigation, valuation services and virtually all other areas of structured finance.Our talent brings in a combined experience of 200+ years in fortune 100 companies with diverse skill sets including data mining, data quality, business analysis, segmentation & clustering, predictive modeling & governance, and unstructured data (text) analytics application to create business impact.UCI's Donald Bren School of Information & Computer Sciences (ICS) began as a pioneering academic department in 1968.
As the only computing-focused school in the UC system, ICS has been a leader in computer science and information technology through its innovative and broad curricula, research and development of emerging technologies, and collaborations that address societal issues.With Cliqz for Firefox launched in June 2014, the concept of searching quickly via the browser gained traction fast with 900,000 daily active users in just a few months.
The Cliqz browser for Mac and Windows with integrated anti-tracking launched in March 2016, quickly followed by apps for iOS and Android.Those qualities set RRS apart from others; they bring us together as a team.
As a team, we deliver results.
We combine our drive and talent on right-sized teams to deliver a full service project, including analysis, planning, implementation, communication and reporting.
RRS delivers what our clients need to manage change in their resource-constrained worlds.The biggest challenge in driving successful AI initiatives is effectively managing the performance and business impact of Machine Learning in production.
ParallelM solves these issues, so that enterprises can apply the power of Machine Learning in Production to transform and scale their businesses.The LCG team includes experts in strategy, data science, business intelligence, digital marketing and technology, who provide these services in the languages spoken throughout the Americas.
Digital marketers work with LCG to develop, deploy and measure proven methodologies and best-practices, allowing them to optimize acquisition, conversion, retention and engagement.The company helps them discover the power of AI, develop their data science capabilities and organize AI processes.
The company created Neptune, a Machine Learning Lab provided as a service for data scientists to speed up the development and productionization of machine learning models.Bioz, Inc. offers the world's first search engine for life science experimentation.
The Bioz search engine offers researchers billions of data-driven product recommendations and industry ratings.
By harnessing the power of AI, Bioz provides researchers with an unprecedented amount of summarized scientific experimentation knowledge right at their fingertips, ultimately helping to speed up drug discovery and the rate of success in finding cures for diseases.A safe, effective treatment for obesity and diabetes (two of the leading public health epidemics in the world) would have a major impact on the lives of millions of people suffering from these debilitating diseases.
Gelesis is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts and was founded by PureTech Health and a group of leading obesity researchers.Green Key provides a voice collaboration platform with integrated speech recognition for the financial markets.
The platform is also accessible via an API enabling Financialto integrate sophisticated voice and/or transcription capabilities into their own solutions without telecom or data science knowledge.Founded in 1989, Amadeus Software is proud to be a SAS Gold Partner and Reseller, providing unbiased advice and tailored solutions across the SAS portfolio.
Gold Partner, Reseller, Customer Intelligence and Analytic Modernisation Specialisations, Visualisation and Data Management CompetenciesWith today's digitally connected shoppers spending less time in physical stores and more time on the web and mobile devices, the company saw an opportunity: to translate data about customers' styles, tastes, and preferences into informed digital experiences that emulate the high-touch personal shopping experience Neiman Marcus has been delivering to loyal customers in store.InMotion Software is a UX-driven full-stack software design and development agency.
We blend design thinking, user research, user testing, and user experience with visual design, agile software engineering, product management and software QA into unique, cross-functional teams that accelerate products to market on a temporary, project, and/or project-to-hire basis.Centurysoft is known for providing clients a superior engagement experience through a combination of business acumen, intellectual curiosity, collaborative work style, and strong partnerships with award-winning vendors.
Centurysoft in its constant endeavor has strengthened its skills and expertise in emerging solutions like in Business Intelligence, Artificial Intelligence, Analytics & Big Data.Thousands of scientists all around the world use Benchling to do research.
Whether they are at the worlds largest companies, the top research universities, or working on a startup in a garage, scientists use Benchling for the same reason: to be empowered, not encumbered, by their tools.After establishing ourselves as the top analytics training institute in Delhi NCR, we slowly and steadily progressed to earn the same reputation pan India based on our stellar record and student satisfaction.
Our students are placed in leading companies across industries like Accenture, American Express, AbsolutData, Axtria, Bank of America and McKinsey.For medical providers seeking the market leading solution for Practice Management in specialty care environments we serve as GE Healthcares national Channel Partner for Cancer Specialist Practice.
Unlimited Systems has deep roots in and a long term commitment to the Oncology provider community.GGA Software Services provides superior performance in meeting the complete range of software engineering, algorithm development, and knowledge management needs of the world's leading companies.
GGA's collaborative approach consistently delivers world-class results, enhanced capabilities, and increased productivity to our clients.BeenVerified's mission is to make public records easy, affordable, and accessible to everyone.
Since 2007, millions of people have used BeenVerified's website and applications to access public data.
We're an expanding team dedicated to building world class products via data and design!The CoSMo Company is a global technology company that helps the C-suite make optimal decisions.
Headquartered in Lyon, France and San Francisco, California, CoSMos unique methodology has seen it gain wide recognition for its capacity to extract value from complexity and provide the C-suite with the interconnected insights essential to lead in some of the worlds most challenging industries.Datasource provides Data, Information, Business Intelligence & Analytics professionals to a wide range of Australian organisations.
More than just a recruitment company, we work as a strategic sourcing partner to our clients and keep our candidate network engaged by offering industry news, trends and exclusive discounted training packages to our followers.We are a non-profit association of evidence-based practitioners who want to change the world of management.
We critically evaluate its trustworthiness - to give you only the highest quality information - and then we summarize findings and implications for your practice in a 5-minutes reading.The Digital Enterprise Research Institute (DERI) is taking on these challenges by defining and executing a research agenda and outreach activities targeted at enabling and supporting people, organisations, and systems to collaborate and interoperate on a global scale using semantic web technologies.Ivy Professional School is a leader in corporate training and is ranked among top ten Analytics / Big Data schools.
Ivy has trained 10,000+ profesisonals from Genpact, ICRA, eBay/PayPal, HSBC, Frost & Sullivan, Citibank, HDFC, Capgemini, Cognizant, etc and elite educational institutes such as IITs, IIMs, ISI, Delhi Univ, DCE, Calcutta Univerisity,  etc.Cellular Technology Limited (CTL) has been pioneering the ELISPOT technology for immune monitoring.
 Protocols and reagents for human PBMC cryopreservation, processing, and testing
 Human PBMC reference samples as reference standards for assay performance.
 ImmunoSpot Analyzers for automated and objective ELISPOT data analysis and streamlined data processing with audit trails.Glocomms exists to enable technology-driven careers.
We believe, through our existing network and our ability to leverage our scientifically-driven recruitment model, we are able to deliver exceptional talent to our clients with both speed and accuracy.
Glocomms has micro-specialist teams that focus on the delivery of candidates across the technical and commercial spectrum.We work with clients across the Financial Services, Life Science and Communication Engineering sectors.
Incedo has over 1,500 employees across North America and three delivery centers in India.
A career at Incedo offers challenging assignments, world-class working environment, professional management and ample opportunities to train, learn and execute.Ridiculously Interesting Jobs for the Smartest Software Engineers & Quants
Solve the Hardest Problems across Computer Science, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, AI, Math, Statistics, NLP, Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Image Processing, Bioinformatics, Biotech and much else.
*A Collection of Opportunities that you Will Not Find (Ever) with some Generic Recruiting Firm We design beautiful solutions.
Independent, with offices in Chicago and New York, we utilize the power of design thinking, technology, and collaborations among diverse skill sets to create spectacular answers  from interactive experiences and brand identities to predictive models, films and things that have not been invented yet.At Assembly, were relentless in the pursuit of why? An agency built for the digital age, we achieve this through a blend of media arts + sciences.
Assembly is a technology company with a top-flight data stack making ideas bigger through media.Molecular Devices is one of the worlds leading providers of high-performance bioanalytical measurement systems, software and consumables for life science research, pharmaceutical and biotherapeutic development.
Included within a broad product portfolio are platforms for high-throughput screening, genomic and cellular analysis, colony selection and microplate detection.
Molecular Devices is committed to the continual development of innovative solutions for life science applications.Using the latest agile engineering techniques in a focused and disciplined manner, the company accelerates software initiatives that enable our customers to transform their industries.
Our clients choose to work with us:
- Capability (technical expertise, domain knowledge, understanding of client business processes)
- Exposure to all aspects of delivery lifecycle and project managementJetSmarter believes movement is the key to a life well lived.
Members can reserve seats on more than 50 routes across three continents, create on-demand private charter flights to anywhere on the planet, book luxury lifestyle benefits, network with like-minded members, and more  all in minutes, right from our app.Jawbone is a world-leader in consumer technology and wearable devices, building hardware products and software platforms powered by data science.
Its open API  the UP Platform  includes an ecosystem of apps and services that integrate with UP to offer new, customized experiences.Worldwide Clinical Trials is a global CRO providing full-service drug development services to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries from Early Phase and Bioanalytical Sciences through Phase II and III trials to peri-approval studies.
Clinical Research Services 
 Bridging Studies
Clinical Development 
 Clinical Monitoring
 Data Management
 Drug SafetyAxtria is a global big data analytics company.
Our data analytics and software platforms support data science, commercial operations and cloud information management .
We enable commercial excellence by eliminating spreadsheets and delivering analytical guidance to the field through Axtria SalesIQ, our cloud based sales planning and operations platform.Founded by Stephen Wolfram in 1987, Wolfram Research is one of the world's most respected computer, web, and cloud software companiesas well as a powerhouse of scientific and technical innovation.
Over the course of more than a quarter of a century, we have progressively built an unprecedented base of technology that now makes possible our broad portfolio of innovative products.The company manufactures, markets and provides service for a broad spectrum of industries including photographic, medical imaging and informatics, pharmaceutical and other life science industries.
The company serves a broad spectrum of industries in the U.S. including medical and life sciences, electronic, chemical, graphic arts, information systems, motion picture, broadcast and photography.C3 IoT delivers a comprehensive and proven platform as a service (PaaS) for rapidly developing and operating large-scale AI, predictive analytics, and IoT applications for any enterprise value chain in any industry.
C3 IoT also offers configurable, high-value SaaS products for predictive maintenance, fraud detection, sensor network health, supply chain optimization, energy management, and customer engagement.Our brands create and distribute content across our media portfolio, offering integrated marketing, media, and business services to consumers and advertisers, including digital solutions and advertising opportunities.
If you're interested in an exciting career with an established and respected multi-media company, we invite you to explore what tronc has to offer.For 39 years, Pace Analytical has been recognized for its efforts to provide superior service to our local, national and global customers.
Everyday our employees demonstrate their commitment to a cleaner environment - one that supports a better, safer and healthier life for everyone.
Pace is committed to improving the health of everyone and that starts with our employees.Thats why our software goes beyond clicks and pageviews so content creators can understand what, within their content, is keeping people engaged.
Partnering with over 60,000 media brands across 60+ countries, Chartbeats tools help the worlds leading media companies understand, measure, and build business value from the attention earned by their content.Columbus was recently awarded the $250M Software Engineering Support contract for the Applied Engineering and Technology Directorate (AETD) at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center.
Columbus employees work closely with AETD's Software Engineering Division staff to design and implement state-of-the-art software and IT solutions for flight and ground systems in the development and test labs, simulation facilities, and integration centers.It aims at providing training to qualifying professionals and students on emerging technologies like Big Data, Analytics, Cloud, Mobility, Digital Marketing and many more.
It has been established to bridge the demand-supply gap of professionals on SMAC technologies and aims at upgrading individuals skills and making them future-ready for jobs that will require them to be well versed with the emerging technologies.Were a data science and technology company with a passion for helping farmers.
Today, were using actionable data to make modern farming more successful, and we continue to pursue opportunities for advanced analytics and modern technology to accelerate the pace of innovation in agriculture and the entire food system.DataProphet is an advanced Machine Learning company focused on developing and deploying bespoke solutions to a range of industries.
Through a combination of Machine Learning expertise, Management consulting and systems development experience, we deliver simple-to-use services that return accurate, low level and actionable predictions which can be easily integrated into existing infrastructure.CPI continues to be active in these areas, but has also broadened its work to address remote sensing of the Earth's complete environment, including the terrain, oceans, the lower and middle atmospheres (including clouds), ionospheric effects on signals, data assimilation techniques for specification of the state of the global ionosphere, and architectures and techniques for integration of satellite ground data processing systems.Since 1985, Riverside has built relationships and partnerships with a variety of clients including the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), and the Colorado Water Conservation Board (CWCB)  providing products, services, and solutions meeting their long-term needs.Large teams of university academics, who are specialists in various aspects of biodiversity or social and economic studies, are concentrated at the target study sites.
These large survey teams of academics and volunteers that are funded independently of normal academic sources have enabled large temporal and spatial biodiversity and socio-economic data sets to be produced, and provide information to help with organising effective conservation management programmes.Established in 1998 and headquartered in Prague, Profinit are a consulting, software services, product development & outsourcing business.
With technical facilities in the Czech Republic we provide services to over 50 customers across Central Europe and are now expanding our direct operations into the Western Europe.
> Product and Software Development ServicesEarley Information Science (EIS) is a boutique agency specializing in information science, making data more findable, usable and valuable.
EIS has more than 20 years of experience in working with Fortune 1000 organizations around the world in such industries as manufacturing, retail, financial services, healthcare, the life sciences, professional services and the public sector.We help our clients drive change by turning complex data into a competitive edge and a leading, strategic position.
We deploy a delicate combination of consulting experience, the latest data science, predictive analytics and econometrics to help our clients reach their ultimate goals.As consumers become increasingly mobile and connected, every business is turning to digital channels to acquire new customers more effectively and efficiently.
It's tough to land new customers, but even harder to find the right onesthe profitable ones.
#1 fastest growing internet company nationwide (Deloitte Fast 500)Data is the new powerhouse.
At Cyient Insights, we strive to turn data into potential powerhouse.
Crunching and churning data into insights, this new age science holds fascination to our interests.
Team Cyient Insights strives each day to enable our customers drive business innovation and deliver quantifiable business results thru smart data analytics and actionable intelligence.Fino was built from the ground up to deliver a unique combination of industry expertise, data science, and software engineering.
Fino invents tailored technology and data science solutions that address the specific business challenges faced by our clients.IRIS programs contribute to scholarly research, education, earthquake hazard mitigation, and verification of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty.
IRIS is a 501 (c) (3) nonprofit organization incorporated in the state of Delaware with its primary headquarters office located in Washington, DC.LifeScale Analytics helps companies effectively utilize and integrate their data architecture and data analytics.
Contact LifeScale Analytics to find out how we can help your organization successfully manage your data to help make speedier and better business decisions.With offices in Oslo, Houston and Silicon Valley, Arundo Analytics provides cloud-based and edge-enabled software for the deployment and management of enterprise-scale industrial data science solutions.
Arundo's software allows industrial companies and other organizations to increase revenue, reduce costs and mitigate risks through machine learning and other analytical solutions that connect industrial data to advanced models and connect model insights to business decisions.For over 15 years, TSG has been an industry leader in scientific and medical strategy and communications.
CATALYST is the new brand identity for our medical communications group, which develops dynamic, scientifically credible, promotional content that stimulates, engages, and impacts HCP mindsets.International Bike Group (IBG) is a leading omnichannel bicycle retailer in Belgium, Denmark, Netherlands, Norway and Sweden that has won several awards.
For example in the Netherlands IBG grew "Fietsenwinkel.nl" from an e-commerce start-up to the #1 bicycle (r)etailer by offering fully integrated on- and offline sales in combination with a strong after sales service network (>250 physical locations under management) within 5 years.Soft Robotics designs and builds soft robotic gripping systems and automation solutions that can grasp and manipulate items of varying size, shape and weight.
Soft Robotics engineers are building an ecosystem of robots, control systems, data and machine learning to enable the workplace of the future.CMAST delivers Consultancy, Project Management and Business Solutions to its Life Sciences Clients within the domains of Strategic Collaborations, Research & Development and Supply Chain & Operations, covering every step of the drug development cycle, from discovery to commercialization:
Accelerating and optimizing the supply chain of healthcare solutions to professionals, patients and community.Stitch Fix is the first fashion retailer to blend expert styling, proprietary technology and unique product to deliver a shopping experience that is truly personalized for you.
Simply fill out the Stitch Fix Style Profile and our personal stylists will handpick a "Fix" of five clothing items and accessories unique to your taste, budget and lifestyle.In the world of science, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab) is synonymous with excellence. It fosters groundbreaking fundamental science that enables transformational solutions for energy and environment challenges, using interdisciplinary teams and by creating advanced new tools for scientific discovery.In addition to the Richland campus, we operate a marine research facility in Sequim, Washington; and satellite offices in Seattle, Portland and Washington, D.C.
Battelle  the world's largest independent scientific research and technology development organization  has operated PNNL for DOE and its predecessors since 1965.Burtch Works is a contingency and retained executive recruiting firm dedicated to placing highly-qualified quantitative professionals with a variety of specialties including analytics, data science, and marketing research.
We offer both contingent and retained services, and take a consultative approach to recruiting, developing a deep understanding of what our clients are looking for in a candidate.Databricks mission is to accelerate innovation for its customers by unifying Data Science, Engineering and Business.
Founded by the team who created Apache Spark, Databricks provides a Unified Analytics Platform for data science teams to collaborate with data engineering and lines of business to build data products.Bristlecone, a Mahindra Group Company is a premier Supply Chain Advisory and Analytics SaaS+ firm focused on enabling Digitally Connected Supply Chains for Hi-Tech, CPG, Retail and Process Industries.
With our singular focus on addressing procurement, supply chain and analytics challenges, we help clients diagnose, design, enable and enhance their operations by encapsulating years of experience into pre-configured solutions, accelerated deployments and enhancement packs for the leading supply chain technologies.Founded in 1999, Numeric Jobs offers a specialized service to Analytic professionals and clients across Data Science, Risk (Management, Consumer Credit, Stress Testing, Underwriting), and Marketing Analytics (Digital/Direct).
OUR MARKETS INCLUDE
RISK ANALYTICS
CREDIT RISK MODELING
MODEL VALIDATION
MARKETING ANALYTICS
MARKETING AUTOMATION
DIGITAL MARKETING
SEARCH MARKETING
EMAIL MARKETING
ONLINE MARKETINGQuora is a Q&A platform that empowers people to share and grow the worlds knowledge.
More than a billion people use the internet yet only a tiny fraction contribute their knowledge to it.
Engineering blog: engineering.quora.com
Design blog: design.quora.com
Data blog: data.quora.comIntegral Ad Science (IAS) is a global measurement and analytics company that builds verification, optimization, and analytics solutions to empower the advertising industry to invest with confidence and activate consumers everywhere, on every device.
Built on data science and engineering, IAS is headquartered in New York with global operations in thirteen countries.Thats precisely what youll find at Smith Hanley Associates.
Long-term dedication from professionals who are just as focused as you are, and who understand both the needs of our clients and the trajectory of our candidates career paths.
The bridge to long-term success.
Smith Hanley Associates, LLCDataCamp is an interactive learning platform for data science.
DataCamp for Business is the most scalable, cost effective way for managers to train and educate their analytics and data science teams.
Business accounts include group features which allow managers to set assignments based on specific learning goals, monitor progress, and evaluate performance - all in a company dedicated dashboard.Microsoft Advanced Analytics supports the use of open source data science technologies both on-premises and in the cloud.
Cortana Intelligence is an end-to-end data analytics platform in the Microsoft cloud.
You can learn more at: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/suites/cortana-intelligence-suite/
Powered by the R language, Microsoft R is used by enterprises with massive data, performance and multi-platform requirements who need to drive down the cost of Big Data.Connections of New York, Inc. is an established IT executive search firm whose principals have over 30 years of recruiting experience.
Our network of client relationships spans a wide variety of industries including financial services, tech start-ups, insurance, health care, and software development firms in the tri-state area.We are a business media company specializing in enterprise innovation.
Through our key channels - Big Data, Analytics, Strategy, Innovation, Digital, Finance, & Operations - we connect industry leaders across the business spectrum, from leading Fortune 500 companies to disruptive and exciting new startups, facilitating the sharing of ideas through webinars, articles, white papers, and on-demand video content.Signal Hub, the companys flagship technology platform, extracts and applies insights from the most complex data environments to address multiple business problems and opportunities, accelerating targeted business actions and radically reducing time-to-value.
The end-to-end platform automatically creates Signals, which can be shared, reused, and applied to multiple use cases throughout the enterprise.Clarivate Analytics is the global leader in providing trusted insights and analytics to accelerate the pace of innovation.
An independent company with over 4,000 employees and operations in more than 100 countries, Clarivate is on a bold entrepreneurial mission to help radically reduce the time from new ideas to life-changing innovations.Ancestry is the global leader in family history and consumer genomics, harnessing a powerful combination of information, science, and technology to develop new experiences to help everyone, everywhere discover the story of what led to them.
Ancestry offers a suite of family history products and services including AncestryDNA, Archives, ProGenealogists, Newspapers.com and Fold3.Not just more efficient for agencies or more profitable for brands, but also more personalized and more engaging for consumers.
And were proud to say that the worlds top agencies and brands partner with us to deliver real results and prove how marketing impacts the business.Neustar drives the connected world forward.
As a global information services provider and the leader in Connection Science, we have the most complete understanding of how to connect people, places, and things.
Our marketing, risk, security, registry, and communications solutions help over 12,000 clients grow and guard their business.Founded by Steve Huffman and Alexis Ohanian in 2005, Reddit is an online community where users submit, vote, and comment on content, news, and discussions.
Nicknamed "the front page of the internet," Reddit is one of the top ten sites in the United States (source: Alexa), with hundreds of millions of users each month on desktop, mobile web, and our official Android/iOS apps.WellDoc is a leading digital health company revolutionizing chronic disease management to help transform lives.
Our groundbreaking technology is guiding individuals through the complicated journey of living with chronic diseases, with the goal of improving health to live life to its fullest.The Chaucer Consulting operates in several different business sectors from Life Sciences and Financial Services, to Technology and Energy.
We excel in advisory and delivery services for complex technology and data-driven change.
When technology and data-driven change needs to happen, we are here to provide the expertise and advice you need.In addition to many notable projects, NCSA is home to Blue Water, the worlds fastest supercomputer on an academic campus, as well as a rich set of other data and computing resources.
NCSA Industry, a private sector program, has been advancing 1/3 of the Fortune 50 by forging innovative collaborations and finding effective and scalable solutions.Montage is the single solution to engage, interview and hire better candidates, faster.
We partner with many of the worlds most well-respected brands, including 100 of the Fortune 500, to create the high-tech, high-touch hiring experience the modern candidate expects.
Our commitment to superior client service and support is unique in the industry.We work collaboratively with our clients and creating business value by thinking differently.
We proudly support LEAP Science and Maths Schools, represent industry on the faculty advisory boards of several leading universities and support skills development through our Graduate Development Programme.
The BSG difference lies in our people, in their commitment to creating a culture of excellence, innovation and growth.Analytics Vidhya is a Passionate Community for Analytics / Data Science Professionals, and aims at Bringing Together Influencers and Learners to Augment Knowledge.
This platform allows people to know more about analytics from its articles, Q&A forum, and learning paths.
Also, we help professionals & amateurs to sharpen their skillsets by providing a platform to participate in Hackathons.Intelen is a technology and engagement software provider delivering integrated data-driven SaaS solutions designed to support Energy Utilities with their digital transformation strategy; so as  to become a customer-centric, trusted energy advisor, providing personalized content and services to their customers.A Mount Sinai Health System venture based in Stamford, Conn., Sema4 is enabling physicians and consumers to more seamlessly engage the digital universe of data, from genome test results and clinical records to wearable sensor metrics and more.
In this spirit, our team will discern signal from noise across trillions of data points in pursuit of our mission to gain meaningful insights into human health and disease.Founded in 2004, Inteliment helps some of the most forward-thinking enterprises worldwide derive maximum business impact through their Data.
Inteliment operates its Delivery & IP Centers in India and Australia and through its group companies in Singapore, Finland and USA.
Write us : insights@inteliment.comEYC3 creates intelligent client organizations using data & advanced analytics.
We implement information-driven strategies and systems that help grow, optimize and protect client organizations, and create a lasting culture that encourages people to use information creatively and intelligently to improve business outcomes.Our distinct advantage over pure-play analytics and market research firms is in our marketing application orientation.
Through these offices we have handled consulting assignments in over 45 countries across the world.
Area of Expertise: Marketing Consultancy, Marketing Research, Advertising Strategy, Brand Marketing StrategyData native, we leverage a unique combination of consulting, datascience and cutting edge technology to bring a fresh perspective to company's performance, growth and profitability.
We build custom fit solutions, with significant impact in less than 6 months : data transformation, marketing performance, customers' intelligence, pricing, strategy, process optimization, data solutions...Launched in 2012, the Singapore Centre has a team of more than 100 colleagues ranging from actuaries, data scientists, developers and statisticians with analytics capabilities and methods that are developed on behalf of clients globally.
Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance.DecisivEdge helps clients across the world find, develop, and sustain competitive advantage.
From strategy to technology to analytics, our global team provides a tightly knit program of services that optimize processes and amplify the value of your business.
We welcome the opportunity to learn about your unique business challenges.Agriculture is a $3 trillion global industry, and the main source of employment in many communities around the world.
Led by a team of experienced entrepreneurs, advisors, and investors, Granular is one of the first companies to apply Silicon Valley technology expertise to the agriculture industry.Windsor Circle's Predictive Marketing platform helps retailers grow repeat sales by putting the right message in front of their customer at the right time.
Using these insights, our platform automates 1:1 messaging and optimizes email cadence through our client's preferred activation platform.
Windsor Circle is integrated with 17+ eCommerce platforms and 19 email service providers.We are building products, platforms and services for the next billion people of India, who have fundamentally different needs - access, language, selection, supply chain, financial, cultural, and the like.
Each team member will have significant ownership of key components that go into the next generation e-commerce, supply chain, demand generation, and credit technology platforms and services that we are building.The services DOC provides are designed to balance today's needs with tomorrow's obligations by fostering the wise use and conservation of energy, land and mineral resources.
The board serves as a regulatory, policy and appeals body representing the state's interest in geology, geologic and seismologic hazards, conservation of mineral resources, and reclamation following surface mining activities.Arrayo empowers data-intensive businesses.
We envision and deliver highly automated processes and integrated systems to collect, organize and transform your data.
We ultimately make sense of your data, uncover meaningful trends and design reporting solutions.
Our services are conceived to address your industry-specific business and data challenges.APCs technology, capabilities and team help our global biotech and pharmaceutical partners accelerate the development and launch of their medicines.
APC now operate from their world-class Pharmaceutical & Biotech R&D Facility in Cherrywood Business Park, Co Dublin.
This state of the art facility allows APC bring together unique technology with a world class team of scientists & engineers.From strategy to execution, we help organizations translate business goals and challenges to technology solutions that enable business insight, analysis, and data-driven decision making.
Our core capabilities include Business Analytics Strategy, Business Analysis & KPI Modeling, Enterprise Planning, Data Science & Machine Learning, Data Integration & Governance, UX Design and Data Visualization.The Institute is headquartered at The British Library, at the heart of Londons knowledge quarter, and will bring together leaders in advanced mathematics and computing science from the five founding universities and other partners.
Its work is expected to encompass a wide range of scientific disciplines and be relevant to a large number of business sectors.ESILV (Lonard de Vinci Graduate School of Engineering) is structured around digital sciences and technology and is separated into 4 major specialisations that include computer science, computational mechanics, finance, and energy.
ESILV is a 5 year programme that provides the digital industry with cutting edge specialists in computational mechanics, aerospace, automotive, computer science, big data, smart objects, smart home, smart grid, portfolio management, banking, and insurance.The Conservation Biology Institute (CBI) provides scientific expertise to support the conservation and recovery of biological diversity in its natural state through applied research, education, planning, and community service.
We utilize GIS and remote sensing data to conduct assessments and planning in support of conservation projects globally.Praxis pioneered the teaching of analytics as a discipline by launching a one-year full-time program in Business Analytics from its campus in Kolkata in 2011, as it believed that India needs to be well-positioned to grasp the huge opportunity this discipline provides to trained professionals.Our services support all measurement-related activities in clinical trials:
We have access to multiple technological mediums, with proven success with audio, video, hand-held tablets and a variety of other devices for data collection, analysis and reporting.Named Ad Age's 2016 Small Agency of the Year, Reach is a creative agency built for social video with offices in San Francisco and Los Angeles.
Founded in 2012 by a collective of award-winning digital, advertising and entertainment industry professionals, Reach is committed to the science behind creative formats, creators and understanding how video platforms work from an organic perspective.The Prognos Registry is the largest source of clinical diagnostics information in over 30 disease areas, with over 5B medical records for 100M patients.
Prognos has 500 extensive proprietary and learning clinical algorithms to enable earlier patient identification for enhanced treatment decision-making, risk management and quality improvement.As a part of that we coach talent, help them make better career decisions, and getting into the right environment is key.
Were human beings, just like you, and we get a kick out of helping people and businesses make better decisions.OJO Labs is on a mission to fundamentally improve the way people make their most important decisions through the fusion of machine and human intelligence.
The OJO team has decades of combined experience scaling businesses together and has deep experience in engineering, data science, product development and operations.Zadar has a centuries-old university tradition, the longest in Croatia: following the tradition of ecclesiastical education, first mentioned in the 10th century, a Dominican higher education institution Studium generale, later known as the Universitas Iadertina, was founded as early as 14 June 1396.Bloom is the marketing agency where Artificial Intelligence (AI) meets human creativity.
From the day we first opened our doors, our sense of curiosity has driven a desire to find new ways of helping brands stand out.
Which frees our people to do what only they can do  use their human instincts, judgement, and experience to create amazing work for brands.Shift Technology provides insurance companies with an innovative SaaS solution to improve and scale fraud detection.
The analyses performed by Shift are fast and thorough, quantitative and qualitative.
Its efficient algorithms are tailored to reproduce fraud handlers' deductive reasoning, making investigations quicker and easier than ever.We serve customers throughout the United States ranging from small companies to the Fortune 500.
Currently performing services in 30 states, KCS has recently been named one of the 50 fastest growing companies in the Research Triangle area by The Triangle Business Journal.Our spirit of innovation is on full display at our Science & Innovation Center, where we partner with our customers to develop new products and equipment solutions.
This Center is a fully equipped, licensed food processing research and development facility designed to help customers keep pace with the latest trends in food production.Petrolog brings energy to the world as an integrated provider of solutions for the entire oil and gas lifecycle.
Now commonly known as Petrolog Group, we have become a conglomerate of entities working together with a singular focus and vision to provide world class, professional services in each field of endeavor.Humanyze helps companies make more informed people decisions.
Humanyze is committed to helping teams work better together and has the data and science to prove it.
Current job openings:
- Customer Success Manager (Boston, MA)
- People Analytics Advisor (Palo Alto, CA)
- Front End Software Developer (Boston, MA)Welcome to AEM!
Recently AEM was awarded first prize for Excellence in the area of R&D in Electronics by Government of India & by MOD for Excellence in Indigenization of Defense Stores & Equipment.
Our MD, Mr.Naresh Aggarwal, himself being an Electronics Engineer from IIT Delhi, and Masters in Science from UC, Berkeley, is the mentor and inspiration behind AEMs three-decade strong sustained development and growth.AITs vision is to be a world-class technology focused research university promoting scholarship and innovative scientific and industrial research and offering academic globally competitive academic programs employing state-of-the-art modes of delivery.
AIT is pioneering the multiple degree concept to offer opportunities to those studying for Bachelors degree at other tertiary institutions to concurrently enroll on one of AITs open university accredited Bachelors degree programs.Together with our clients we envision and deploy customer-centric business models.
This raises the importance to really know and understand consumer needs and to personalize offers and services accordingly.
Our data science solutions translate data into concrete actions, in this way we enable companies to give consumers the personalized offers and services they desire.The World Datanomic Forum is supported by investors and members who organise sessions to solve problems based on data.
Before, during and after each Datathon, the World Datanomic Forum provides expert advice in regards to the accurate storage, security and transcription of the data of interest.DVL has over 80 associates and has been perfecting the science of data center infrastructure design for over 30 years.
We have continued to improve the data center infrastructure implementation process over 30 years.
CARING: We care about the success of our customers, our partners, our associates, and our company.We're an independent creative agency with a passion for insight.
Whether you require just one service area or a full mix, our experienced team will always focus on delivering a compelling impact that results in an inspirational response for a brandDPIs experience and high technical potential, its ability to acquire and train professionals with required  expertise, its long lasting and distinguished customer relationship,  while being famous in loyalty and its vast activities to cover almost all fields concerning communications  and information industry has provided for DPI to be thought of as one of the major backbones in the operation of very large national projects.Our ambition is to make renewable energy cheaper for the consumer and more profitable for the owner by converting more wind and solar into electricity.
We are highly excited about the rapid development and great possibilities in renewable energy and are committed to maintain a leading position in our field to bring the best services possible to our customers.We solve business puzzles using Advanced Analytics.
Our strengths: 
1. Full stack in advanced analytical techniques (Data Science + Mathematical Optimization)
2. We can design and develop beautiful applications to deliver the science
3. We have deep domain knowledge in Operations, Finance and other business areas.PharMethod serves as a strategic partner by providing end to end service and software solutions to the life science industry.
	Accounting & data capture software for tracking and reporting 
	Aggregate spend interface with client Enterprise Solutions 
	Advanced data reporting & monitoring with real-time analysis
	Scalability for client expansion  ISRIC has a mission to serve the international community with information about the worlds soil resources to help addressing major global issues.
ISRIC is a member of Global Open Data on Agriculture and Nutrition (GODAN) and co-chairs the GODAN Working Group on Soils focusing on interoperability of soil databases for better policy & investment decisions and risk mitigation.The integrated business is a market leader in promoting live sports and entertainment, a provider of essential ticketing, technology and e-commerce services and a major player in data science and analytics, digital marketing and customer research.Greenfield Labs was created by Ford to explore a future of mobility through human-centered design.
Together we are creating a future where mobility is flexible, memorable, mindful, and most of all, empoweringa basic human right and invisible conduit for access to all the world has to offer.Med Communications is a leading full-service provider of global medical affairs services to the pharmaceutical, biotech, and medical device industries, with 20 years of experience.
Our proven track record, superior location in an academic and research health science center, and access to faculty and researchers in all of the healthcare disciplines provides clients with a complete medical affairs solution.Enterra Solutions is a Cognitive Big Data Analytics and Supply Chain Technology firm.
Enterra delivers technologies through Solution-as-a-Service (SaaS) offerings specializing in the application of artificial intelligence and a rules-based ontology to solve complex business problems.
Looking to join a growing team building the next generation of cognitive computing and big data analytics capabilities.From offices in London, Hong Kong, Singapore, Bangkok, Kuala Lumpur and Dubai, our consultants work within specialist teams recruiting for permanent, interim and temporary positions.
We deliver a genuinely consultative service that is underpinned by the depth of both our market knowledge and the client and candidate networks we have developed.Well for starters, to do data science, you need to have programming knowledge.
Not very many people know how to program and most people already have a career and are too busy to learn.
Most people who need to collect data have no choice but to hire a data analytics company which usually costs at least a few thousand dollars.Sentient Science, a trusted third party to operators, provides material science and data science-based life prediction and life extension actions for major systems and critical components in the wind energy, aerospace and transportation markets.
Sentient's DigitalClone Software helps equipment owners/operators and their suppliers reduce costs by a goal of 13% of revenues.At Aera, we deliver the technology that enables the Self-Driving Enterprise: a cognitive operating system that connects you with your business and autonomously orchestrates your operations.
Aera serves the Global 1000 from 8 offices, and is headquartered in Mountain View, California.Market Equations  Research | Data Analytics | Outsourcing 
Market Equations India customers gain access to the combined capabilities of a result oriented Research and Analytics team comprising of Subject Matter Experts, Industry, Business and Financial Analysts, Statisticians, Programmers, Management Graduates & Science and Technology professionals from premier educational institutions in India.The Sellinger School has more than 60 faculty members and 2,000 students enrolled in undergraduate and graduate business programs.
At the graduate level, the Sellinger School offers part-time, weekend, and full-time MBA programs to address the busy schedules and varying career stages of professionals seeking a leadership degree.Using artificial intelligence to build a brain inside your business.
That brain learns and optimizes over time, taking the guesswork out of business operations.
Our applications predict key variables in demand and supply ...
Founded in 2016, Noodle.ai is led by executives from top firms in data science, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and management consulting.STEP Consulting is a management consulting firm, with strong expertise on performance improvement in complex industries such as aerospace, defense, energies, luxury and industrial goods.
Since its creation in 2004, STEP Consulting lead more than 250 major projects covering a wide range:Ninjacart is India's Leading agri-marketing platform connecting vegetables and fruits farmers directly with businesses.
At one end, we help farmers get better prices and consistent demand and on other end we help retailers to source fresh vegetables at competitive prices directly from farmers.Our purpose is to make our agriculture and horticulture industries more competitive and sustainable through factual, evidence-based advice, information and activity:
   We raise awareness of food and where it comes from among school children and we help ensure the agriculture and horticulture industries are able to develop and attract workers with the skills they needWe are brought together by a common set of values, which sit at the very heart of our business.
We deliver a genuinely consultative service that is underpinned by the depth of both our market knowledge and the client and candidate networks we have developed.Clear Peak is a management & analytics consulting firm.
We operationalize data and elevate performance by uniquely integrating deep Insight and Data Analytics experience with focused Supply Chain and Customer Experience subject matter expertise.
We believe In high performance, agile teams operating in a high trust, transparent and collaborative environment to deliver better business outcomes.We build Great Products.
Founded by Silicon Valley veterans who are senior entrepreneurs themselves with a track record of building complex products.
Key strengths are Product Engineering, High end Technology, Scalable systems and Strong Agile Process.
Technology stack: Java, J2EE, Ruby, Rails, Node.js, MongoDB, BigData.We have strong experience in solving data driven use-cases for Security Log Analytics, Time Series DBs and Analysis, building Recommendation Engines and doing Data Warehouse optimization.
Our preferred Data Science products are RapdiMiner, R/Python, Spotfire and SAS and for Data Engineering we rely on Hadoop from MapR and HortonWorks.Motivity Labs is an innovation hub powered by 5 individual labs, each with a unique focus: Data Science, Mobile/Web, Cloud, Testing/Automation & The Internet of Things.
Our associates have worked for global system integrators and Fortune 500 firms before joining our world class team.Elanders is a global supplier of integrated solutions in supply chain management, print & packaging and e-commerce.
Our offer includes taking overall responsibility for complex and global deliveries encompassing procurement, configuration, assembly, picking, printing, packaging, distribution, payment solutions and after sales services.Our teams work within targeted vertical markets with each of our consultants possessing an in-depth understanding of their sectors, these include Digital Technology, Business Intelligence and Data.
MANAGEMENT CONSULTING - We work with a wide number of both global and boutique consulting and advisory firms across various service lines from Strategy through to Operations.We are building products, platforms and services for the next billion people of India, who have fundamentally different needs - access, language, selection, supply chain, financial, cultural, and the like.
Each team member will have significant ownership of key components that go into the next generation e-commerce, supply chain, demand generation, and credit technology platforms and services that we are building.ArrowStream is the first company to develop innovative solutions that address both supply chain management and inbound logistics, optimizing powerful data to provide unprecedented levels of transparency, control, and actionable insight.
ArrowStream has been serving the food industry for over 18 years, combining proven supply chain expertise with data science and analytics to help clients rethink and optimize their supply chains.Plymouth Science Park is a world-class office, research and laboratory environment that provides the space, flexibility and support for technology, digital and science businesses to accelerate their growth and success.
The Park is designed to create opportunities for tenants to share knowledge and expertise, offer cross sector business opportunities and inspire them to achieve new levels of success.Compliance, Ethics, Life Sciences  full range of disciplines.
Serving companies in filling hard to fill technical, professional and corporate talent.
Serving Top Big 4 firm in filling life science, classification, top secret, data engineering roles.
Serving Online and Brick & Mortar Retail companies with filling management and senior roles.The Sainsbury Laboratory Cambridge University (SLCU) is a new research institute funded by the Gatsby Foundation.
We now have an unprecedented opportunity to obtain an integrated understanding of plant development, setting the stage for a new synthesis that will draw on molecular, cellular, whole plant, and population biology to elucidate how plants are constructed.Through its global hub and S2DS programme, Pivigo is building the worlds largest community of data scientists, giving them the opportunity to use their talent to help businesses, government organisations and not-for-profits unlock opportunities within data for positive outcomes.Based in Mysuru, Karnataka, MYRA is poised to be one of Asias leading management institutions conducting cutting-edge research and providing the highest-quality management education toaspiring leaders globally.
The EMBA programme will also include two international residential immersions at Cambridge Judge Business School Executive Education with a focus in Strategy & Innovation.(c) Use our proprietary Big Data Science platforms and deep Computer Science & Math algorithms to build decision support systems, products and solutions that improve the metrics related to these work-flows and use cases.Passionate digital marketers, working in different companies and volunteering out of office hours for Pune digital marketers - who  slice and dice data, learn the math & science behind digital marketing.
43 meetups till now, hosted 1600+ digital marketers & 2 of the largest digital marketing conferences in Pune, bringing together brands, agencies, consultants.
Driven by passionate digital marketers who work in different companies.MultiPhy, a pioneer in Data Center connectivity infrastructure, revolutionizes the expansion of massive Data Centers by use of advanced IC technologies.
MultiPhy's winning team of multidisciplinary experts in DSP optical communications, high speed digital design and analog design, have created differentiated patent pending technology redefining cost effective, high-performance solutions at 100Gb/s, 400Gb/s and beyond for next-generation networks.We crunch data from multiple sources to identify the answers businesses need to deliver superior marketing performance and offer our clients turnkey, or custom solutions.
Powered by GfK, we offer clients the passion, flexibility and agility of a start-up, and the heritage of one of the worlds leading market research companies.Final Israel Ltd., one of the worlds leading high-frequency trading (HFT) companies, uses proprietary prediction and trading algorithms as well as highly innovative schemes for handling large amounts of data.
Furthermore, highly-specialized solutions are continuously being developed and adapted, enabling Final to process real-time streams more rapidly and efficiently, thus leading to the execution of successful trading transactions.ADDO means "to add" in Latin and we believe that by adding artificial intelligence (AI), we can democratise access to better infrastructure and services, tackle grand challenges and create a better world by combining our imagination with the power of machine learning.Asha24 is a live and interactive e-learning platform that is revolutionizing professional online education, offering instructor-led courses supported by online resources, along with 24/7 on-demand support.
The courses are so designed by the experts to meet technological demand of the industries.
Asha24 provides real-time scenario designed and evaluated by industry experts.Starcount is a data science company.
transforming their understanding of their customers.
Led by the transformational data pioneers, Edwina Dunn and Clive Humby, Starcount has a rich heritage of exploring and capturing current and fast moving data around customer loyalty.
We are not just data scientists and software engineers, but experienced customer storytellers.We are a team of great co-thinkers challenging the status quo.
In everything we do, we believe in challenging the status quo.
The way we challenge the status quo is by striving every day to be better than the day before.
We like to compete with ourselves, not others.VUV Analytics manufactures universal vacuum ultraviolet (VUV) spectroscopic detectors that provide a new dimension of chemical analysis accuracy.
VUV light creates unique spectral signatures in the gas phase that result in unambiguous compound identification and quantitative analysis across a wide spectrum of complex applications.BattleFin is an alternative asset management firm that uses technology and data science to produce uncorrelated absolute returns for our firm and our investors.
We use our BattleFin Stadium Technology App to source alternative data companies and machine learning and AI liquid investment strategies.
BattleFin Asset Management develops internal alternative data and machine learning strategies as well as invests in external strategies.With our deep experience across a wide array of platforms, data management tools and business applications; coupled with our expertise supporting a variety of large cloud, on premise and hybrid environments, we have the required technical knowledge and product ambiguity to recommend and deliver an integrated solution aligned to your critical business data needs.We, IQA (Inductive Quotient Analytics India Pvt. Ltd.), are an analytics company
Storehouse for consulting, outsourcing, Data Science, Clinical Research & Technology services
Staffed by highly qualified people in academics and experienced professionals from various domains 
Serve major geographies and diverse industry sectors, Mainly pharma, healthcare, insurance, retail, BFSI, telecom, utilities, automotive, supply chain, education, and govt.A solution-building firm utilising a driven framework grounded in data science, economic and impact analysis, and mathematical modelling to deliver a portfolio of holistic solutions suitable for a range of clients and projects.Darner Engineering provides a full scope of systems integration and control services to commercial, industrial and mining clients in South Africa and Internationally.Technology services in consulting and project management for implementing MDM PIM solutions.
For any kind of company with products or services, business and revenue generation is dependent on having product information optimized and available for customers, partners and internal company stakeholders.We formulate your question, in the practical sense of data quantification and, we provide accurate answers to your all questions analyze the facts and present our unbiased solutions and insights that help you find best career path and execute better strategies.We @ Dheeksha Technologies believe in quality training and put in our hundred percent to cultivate and nurture a technical and corporate attitude in the minds along with specified skill set and domain.Our Supply Chain Engineering division offers a comprehensive suite of services drawing on our world class expertise and local insight to deliver value across your supply chain.
UQUILLAS & BRDER Supply Chain Engineering offers a wide range of SUPPLY CHAIN ENGINEERING, THIRD PARTY LOGISTICS & OPERATIONS RESEARCH services and products for several industries.Advisory and Project Management Services to help transform organisations through Data, Decision Science and Digital capabilities.
2.	Transform or improve business performance through investment in data, digital and insight or maximise returns from investments already made
3.	Monetise data and insight through the provision of products and services or sale of a businessCloudKrate is a young and dynamic start-up helping small and medium Indian setups develop best in class supply management capabilities at low cost.
Our teams rich experience in life science research, supply chain planning, procurement and budget management has helped us develop CloudKrate with features attuned to the operational requirements of life science product consumers.We provide analysis, implementation, integration and management services for Smart Systems and software development involving Internet of Things, Cloud Computing, Big Data technologies and Data Mining.
It is possible to participate in research projects in the areas of production & logistics, mathematical modeling, cyber-physical systems, big data science and Internet of Things due to our connections in industry and the academic world.Quest Learning Center is a training institute started by IIM-Lucknow alum Smriti in the year 2016.
The institute was started after more than a year's of research work and the course structures are scientifically designed with the help from IIT and IIM faculties and students.We are committed to build a communication and networking platform for the knowledge exchange among OEMs, Supplier Value Chain, Test Agencies & Research Institutes.
If you are an Automaker OEM, Auto Component Supplier, Testing Agency, Automotive startups or University/Research Institute, then connect with us.SHEYCO GROUP, LLC provides data science.
Our goal is to provide intelligent strategies in Sales, Marketing and Operation departments.
The Wizards at SHEYCO GROUP, LLC provides guided support backed by a 3rd Party Network and a Dallas based IT Company that also works internationally.Fujifilm provides professional broadcast video and data tape recording media.
Fujifilm is a leader in supplying advanced data storage media including LTO Ultrium and enterprise-class data tape featuring the lowest cost per gigabyte with low power consumption for mass storage applications.PipeCandy helps sales reps extend warm handshakes to their hot prospects, like they are friends.
With deep awareness about the rep and their offerings, contextual data about their targets and an extensive mapping of the paths between the rep and their prospect, PipeCandy discovers just the right prospects at the right time and informs the sales rep everything that is to be known.China Automotive Technology and Research Center (CATARC) is a science research institute established in 1985 to meet Chinas need of managing the automotive industry and now belongs to SASAC (State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council).Were CreditVidya, an alternate data credit-scoring company.
We build products that help bridge the gap between demand and supply of credit, by leveraging the use of alternate data.
Were a bunch of people who are driven by passion, and the same reflects in our work culture.-Broad based programme of study that includes theory, practice, research and planning in Education.
M.A. Public Policy and Governance (2 years):
-The programme will will help students learn about the ideas, mechanisms and practices of public policy as well as the nature, quality and legitimacy of the institutions and practices of governance.Noble Irons mission is to make construction easy and instant.
We aspire to raise the capabilities and productivity of construction
professionals, while decreasing the costs to equipment owners and
users.
To realize our Vision and achieve our Mission, we focus on these Core Values:
1. Excellence
2. Integrity
3. TeamworkVayu Inc is in the business of helping IT organizations operate more productively and profitably through a full spectrum of specialized staffing and project implementations products and services.
We specialize in the areas of Application Development, CRM, Systems Integration/EAI, ERP Functionality Extension, Business/Data Warehousing, Sales Force Automation, Middleware Functionality for vertical markets   including telecommunications, healthcare, financial services, insurance, and energy.For over 37 years, clients have trusted Crane Engineering to provide expert forensic engineering and consulting services for industrial applications, insurance claims, subrogation and product liability litigation.
FORENSIC ENGINEERING
- Propane & Natural Gas Investigation and Consulting
- Materials & Process Engineering and Consulting
- Industrial Accident Investigation
- Consulting engineering firmsUnlike conventional presumptive analytics software that requires users to ask the right questions and use trial-and-error to find answers, BeyondCore automatically analyzes any set of unique data and presents only statistically relevant findings in PowerPoint and Word in just minutes with no presumptions and no manual hunting requiredjust actionable insights based on science to help users make smarter business decisions.Curriculum was developed in response to the National Academy of Engineering study, " Engineering in K-12 Education: Understanding the Status and Improving the Prospects".
Concrete evidence can be provided that the practices, strategies, and programming utilized within The STEM Academy K-12 curriculum will improve rural and low-income student growth, close achievement gaps, decrease dropout rates, increase high school graduation rates and improve teacher and principal effectiveness.Situated in Boulder, Colorado, at the foot of the Flatirons rock formations, CIRES supports more than 500 scientists, nearly 180 graduate and undergraduate students, five research centers, and two programs, the Western Water Assessment and Education & Outreach.We help brands delight customers, engage employees, and improve business to make a better world.
Clutch is an experience strategy & design agency, fusing together our core skill sets of research, strategy and design.
Our mission is simple: create great experiences that delight your customers, engage your employees and improve your business to make a better world.Time is precious.
Attention is priceless.
We dream up ideas & deliver experiences that help brands build real relationships with real people.
distilled into sharp, smart insights about human behavior.
The insights we uncover form the backbone of our
We dont do B2C or B2B marketing.
We do H2H, human to human marketing.Our primary focus is on Retail & FMCG and on developing trusted relationships with key clients to optimize their business performance using our methodology and expertise.
-  Create transparency in promotional strategy by integrating different data source in a single holistic view;MatterWorks is an Industrial Materials Technology company specializing in nonwovens, polymers and composites.
Within the growing world of industrial nonwovens there are a range of high performance technologies that can be leveraged to take out processing costs and offer new capabilities to production plants that make a huge variety of end product. TRIAL PLANNING AND EFFICIENCY
 CLINICAL TRIAL DESIGN
 COHORT IDENTIFICATION AND SEGMENTATION
 DEMAND PLANNING AND FORECASTING
SALES AND MARKETING
 MANAGED MARKETS ANALYTICS
 MARKETING CHANNEL ANALYSIS
"Biodebug will provide an anonymised and secure data analysis with actionable information to launch new biotech product or to confirm a strategy."Dedicated to the best in analysis and insight.
We seek to create wealth via innovations in technology.
Data Spawn and Edm. Biomaterials are part of Edm. Wm 8, LLC.
This page covers work outside of MIT.
Contact me at ew@schuster.us.com .DataIntel  offers services in Data Management, Machine Learning, Data Mining, Data Analytic for structured and non-structured data.
DataIntel helps clients in data analytic and decision making in the areas such as :  Operational intelligence, Exploration and discovery and Performance management
DataIntel also provides optimization service of search engine analytic using existing models and helps client to customize models.Jay continues to extend his knowledge in Experience Architecture across state and international lines by working with corporate markets such as Health Care, Supply Chain Ecommerce, Restaurant and Entertainment, as well as Capital, Political, and Organized Religion.We bring together extensive domain knowledge and experience; cross-functional capabilities that span analysis, research, engineering, product management and leadership; and expertise in a range of areas such as targeting and relevance, marketing optimization, advertising and ad networks, monetization models, sponsored search; user interface optimization, A/B testing and data frameworks for the consumer web, and optimization of supply chains and operations.Your dedicated offshore team safe harbour
Creating and managing offshore dedicated teams for various sorts of purposes including 
Information Technology Services:
- Cognitive
- Data Science
- Fintech
- Blockchain
- Mobile/desk
- Enterprise
- Internet of Things
- support and monitoring
- HR Services & talen acquisition
- marketing servicesData science advisory and implementation.
Past work includes strategy and road mapping, team planning, data system creation, ad hoc analysis, and machine learning model development.4Fiber which is a reliable sourcing partner for fiber optical solutions!Our approach to client and candidate relationship is best in class.
We assist in offer negotiation and ensuring that the candidate makes an informed decision.
We help facilitate the recruiting process by assisting in the scheduling of interviews and managing candidate expectations regarding level, title, and compensation.
>Relationship Marketing and Brand ManagementWe solve your problems improvement science tools.
One situation that you would bring us in on would be to assess problems that you and your supply chain partners are unable to solve.
Another would be to design and develop a leading edge products or services that make you a leader in the marketplace.We are a data science consulting firm based out of Hyderabad with offices in the United States.
We work with clients towards institutionalizing a culture of extreme experimentation and data driven decision making.
We work primarily in the areas of Sales & Marketing, Customer behavior Analysis, Product Management & Supply Chain Management.A successful digital transformation helps customers to reinvent or grow their business.
Intys Data is a company dedicated to guiding customers leverage their digital transformation on a large scale.
Intys Data is part of Intys Partners, one of the fastest growing European management consultancy groups with offices in Belgium, France and Luxembourg.Interdisciplinary programs include masters degrees in ethics and society, international humanitarian action, and international political economy development; a masters degree and a doctoral-level certificate in medieval studies; and an M.F.A. in playwriting.
GSAS Futures is a professional development initiative sponsored by the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences and the Graduate Student Association.We get to know clients at the deepest level by looking at their genome, their blood and saliva, gut microbiome, and lifestyle.
Then we connect each client with a personal coach who provides clear, actionable recommendations to help them thrive.Here you will find the latest information regarding job opportunities, DTIC news, and benefits the agency has to offer.
Over the years DTIC has evolved in name and mission to what it is today  the Department of Defense (DoD) central repository for all defense-related scientific, technical, research, and engineering information.
DTIC offers its employees extensive opportunities for personal and professional development.Adphorus is a travel marketing science company that provides travel brands around the globe with the tools and the know-how to scale their revenues through a scientific approach to travel advertising on Facebook and Instagram.
It is the one platform that is built by and for travel marketers, dedicated to developing custom solutions to achieve performance at scale on Facebook.Intertranslations is a leading international translation service provider established in 1996 with offices in London and Athens.
Clients include leading international firms, global financial institutions, life science organizations, and EU institutions.
With significant investment in the development of new technology solutions to drive quality and efficiency, we deliver successful translation and localization projects that help organizations effectively communicate on a global scale.Simple Energy is changing how millions of people save energy and how utilities engage their customers.
We are helping people make sense of their energy usage, save more and enjoy doing so.
Our mission is to help utilities better serve their customers and to create lasting change in the way people use energy.With more than 6 years of experience in helping organizations realize value of analytics, whether startups or Fortune 500, our customers have the solutions to make informed decisions to increase profits, optimize utilization of resources, reduce waste, and focus on areas of growth.
 Building complex, self-service analytics dashboards and reports that provide a uniform, conformed and holistic view of business processesConnexion Point, a tech-enabled healthcare services company, delivers outcome based solutions specializing in the healthcare field.
Facilitating consumer communication, engagement, and retention throughout the lifecycle of the consumer, Connexion Point connects the healthcare industry to consumers, and consumers to their healthcare.Corporate - Office buildings and campus planning
Healthcare - Hospital buildings and campus planning
Industrial - Logistics and technology buildings and estate planning
Lifestyle - Arts, hotel, residential and retail buildings and estate planning
Science and Technology - Data, new media and pharmaceutical buildings and estate planningWe offer a simplified assessment experience for identifying, selecting, and building talent using science and data.
HR professionals and consultants are hooked on our catalog of the most in-demand assessments from 50+ publishers, all on one flexible platform thats intuitive for administrators and candidates alike.
Were the leader in building custom and high-stakes testing programs, offering access to 600+ proctored test centers.We help businesses to harness their data and use it to understand, model and predict business performance  delivering improved engagement, efficiency and profitability.
Our Data Science team will apply artificial intelligence and advanced analytical machine learning techniques to deliver incomparable business insight to help you predict future trends and behaviours.Whiteboard Federal Technologies is a small, engineer-focused company that specializes in building innovative software and systems to support the U.S. Intelligence Community and the Department of Defense.
We work on R&D initiatives, proof of concept programs, enterprise-level flagship systems, and fresh development.
Many of the projects we undertake are big data analytics-focused systems that live in the cloud.The Social Research Centre (located in Melbourne, Australia) provides the Australian social science research community with access to world-class survey research services and a full range of survey design, data management, analytical and qualitative skills.
Our motivation stems from the desire to undertake high quality quantitative and qualitative research that informs decision-making, has a positive social impact and advances our understanding of Australian society.SureWaves brings patented technology that allows advertisers the absolute freedom to pick their audiences on a market by market basis.
SureWaves has won the Indian IT industry's most coveted award for Excellence in Emerging Technologies for 2015.Incubated in Harvard Innovation Launch Lab and backed by Peter Diamandis, Experfy is a consulting and training platform for AI, big data and IoT with 30,000 data scientists.
After the success of its Data Science Certification,  Experfy is now working on launching a number of industry-specific IoT certification programs in cooperation with consortia that are backed by major players in the industry.Webber Chase's services cover Financial Services and Downstream recruitment across a spectrum of clients including Investment Banks, Hedge Funds, Asset Managers, Trading Houses, Consultancies, Private Equity, Ratings Agencies, Private Banking, Utilities, Producers, E&P Producers, Boutique Specialists and Law Firms.Big Data For Humans enables retail and travel companies understand their customers and make more money.
Our Data Science-as-a-Service platform automates customer insights, then enables regular business users to execute successful customer marketing programs.
Around 15-25% of annual sales are available by targeting on more order or booking from our clients' core customer groups.Center for Toxicology and Environmental Health, LLC (CTEH) is a science-based company established to provide toxicology and environmental health and safety consulting services.
Its mission is to develop sound scientific solutions to issues in toxicology, risk assessment, and environmental health by applying state-of-the-art science to problems faced by private industry, government, the general public, and the courts.7F Consulting was founded by industry executives with MBAs from the University of Michigan, Ross School of Business.
The 3 founders are passionate problem solvers and thought leaders in their respective fields, from AI to organizational effectiveness.
We anticipate future trends, identify pain points, and provide insights to transform our clients' organizations.
Offices: Seattle, San Francisco, Los AngelesCompliance  Our in-depth knowledge in the area of Compliance helps us in providing 100% EOU/STPI/SEZ services, obtain fast track clearance approvals, Valuate related party transactions, Import & Export license under Exim policy DGFT) and obtain Refunds and Duty draw back from Customs.Our company stands for successful IT developments, consulting and training projects around the fields revenue management, pricing, sales and operations research.
With our product portfolio and industry knowhow we serve a broad variety of customers in the transport and logistic sector.
By applying profound methodical and industry knowledge, were turning your data into true capital!Develop custom software and apps providing rich data-driven solutions for business processes.
Managed Analytics services help deliver decision making quickly and effectively.
We bring the data scientist, tools, software, expertise, and experience and deliver the results in the cloud or on-premise through our analytics platform.VertiSync is a Management Consulting firm dedicated to implementing tangible and measurable operational improvements across our clients' businesses.
We work closely with clients to develop solutions to tough business problems grounded in rigorous analysis.
We then work side by side with employees and managers, testing and customizing each solution to match each unique situation.At UNEE, we can help you navigate the complexities of today's overwhelming sea of data by leveraging new technologies in next generation analytics, virtualization, and data integration.
Analytics | Data Virtualization | Data Visualization | Integration | Development | Business AnalysisOur active and interactive barcodes record additional critical data streams: if a product is authentic or if an item has been mishandled.
For instance, one of our products detects if a vial of insulin has been exposed to improper temperatures and prevents the item from being used.
With their camera-enable mobile phone, consumers can check the insulin using a Pop!KrishiHub provides an online platform that connects farmers directly with businesses (restaurants/hotels/retail stores etc.).
Our customers create subscriptions and places orders through the android app and we deliver vegetables to their doorsteps directly from farmers.
Over 200 farmers across Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and NCR sell their vegetables through KrishiHub platform.For companies seeking to reduce their cost base, better understand and manage their risks, to deepen their understanding of HR dynamics, or to grow sales through improved customer engagement and penetration, Trusted Data's team have been on hand to deliver more than $750mn value.Paramation is a technical services provider, business consultancy, software product incubator, and holding company, serving a diverse selection of clients.
Paramation seeks to use it's technical consulting to identify common problems across industries, sectors, and business sizes.Our expertise is explaining the story of your data in your business language.
Before we even begin to look at your data, we take the time to get to know your problem from a business perspective, not a technical one.
We help your business find useful information in your data.Our operations analytics services allow organizations to better allocate their resources, optimize their revenues, run leaner operations, and keep better track of their supply chain resources.
Financial/Risk Management Analytics
Our financial analytics services empower organizations to better optimize their financial resources and better manage their risk profile.Cervest is an advanced analytics platform for predicting and managing risk in agri-food markets.
Cervest applies cutting-edge analytics and computational statistics to radically improve decisions on risks and emerging threats.
Applying advanced quants across high-performance computing, DecisionVest enables enterprise clients to radically augment the scope, speed, and scale of decisions to optimize resources, resiliency, and profitability.Mark9 - is an Exclusive SAP & Big Data Company, focusing on the new dimension products.
We specialize in helping clients improve supply chain planning performance and leveraging SAP technology.
Our pool of SAP professionals has the know-how to increase operational efficiency, reduce costs, maintain business continuity, and maximize the return on your SAP investment dollars.Silvertone Analytics is a boutique consulting firm that empowers clients to use data to drive their decision making process.
We use a combination of internal and external data sources to give our clients a much higher resolution picture of their organizations current environment.We are a dynamic international group with 30 years' experience in performing and supporting system and software engineering for the European Space Agency (ESA), National Space Agencies and the aerospace industry.
We are mainly involved in ITEA (software intensive systems & services) and EC H2020 research:At Victor Noble we take time to get to know our clients and candidates to understand their objectives.
We want your experience with us to be personal, positive and professional so you will want to recommend us to your friends and colleagues.
We match the best talent with the best opportunities using best practicesPharmaTimes Magazine is the leading pharmaceutical magazine for senior decision makers in the pharma and healthcare industries.
PharmaTimes Competitions provide business partners and sponsors with unique access to senior decision makers, in order to gain real insight into the business challenges faced by pharma customers.We are committed to generating intelligent recommendations via a ready-to-operate platform, bypassing the need for long running Big Data projects and IT involvement.
We are a Microsoft Gold Certified Software Development Partner and have extensive experience in distributed cloud computing and data science application.A Data Science company specialized in Business Intelligence, Advanced Analytics and Artificial Intelligence.
With strong expertise in a wide range of industries, from financial services to telecom, contact center or retail, Closer comprises a multidisciplinary team of seasoned physicists, mathematicians, computing experts, engineers and business graduates.Our Insurance principals, Karen McCorkindale, Andy Davis and Sean deGroot have recruited together for nearly two decades; our Pharmaceutical and Life Sciences practice is headed by principals Kyle Diamond, Kevin McGrath, and Barbara Day with over 35 years of combined industry expertise.
Our strength is our niche expertise in sales analytics, marketing sciences, forecasting, market research, marketing, health economics, outcomes research, clinical statistical programming, biostatistics, and market access.MIMOS is Malaysias forefront technology provider in Information and Communications Technology, Industrial Electronics Technology and Nano-Semiconductor Technology.
Serving a central role in Malaysias transformation journey and ICT Vision, MIMOS endeavours to create a culture of innovation by nurturing relationships with internal and external stakeholders, in the spirit of smart partnerships and inclusive growth models and strategies.Nuspire is a state-of-the-science managed network security service provider with more than a decade of industry experience providing services for some of the largest and most distinctive companies in the world.
- Network Management & Security Services: Network | Gateway | SaaS | Wireless | DesktopAdastra provides world-class Big Data & Analytics, Business Intelligence, Data Integration, Data Quality, Data Warehousing, Data Governance, and Master Data Management services, solutions, and software to companies around the globe and across industries.
- Adastra: Information Management solutions and services, leveraging cutting-edge methodologies, experience across industries, technology partnerships, and a team of dedicated and experienced professionalsBringing a decade of Operations Research and Data Science expertise, our primary differentiation is a deep, yet diverse offering across many facets of ATM and Branch cash replenishment processes targeting the reduction of Total Cost of Ownership (TCO).At Unify, relationships are at the center of everything we do  our relationship with and between consultants, and our relationships with our clients.
If we dont have great relationships, theres no way we can continue doing what we do best  advise and assist our clients in realizing their purpose.We employ industry specialists; the best Strategy and Commercial search consultants in their chosen sectors.
We do not profess to be able to source candidates across every sector and functional discipline.
To offer a truly exceptional service to our clients and candidates we must know our industry and functional disciplines better than our competitors.At Connective DX we design and build great digital experiences.
The two-day event in Portland, Oregon, gathers leaders working at the intersection of business, design and technology in an intimate forum that encourages big ideas, interactive discussions and lasting connections.Tohoku University has a history of innovation and continues to lead in traditional fields of research in materials science, physics and chemistry.
As a comprehensive research university, most academic fields of study can be taken including the liberal arts, engineering, medicine, and life sciences.Fusemachines is an Artificial Intelligence solutions and services provider that offers AI engineers to companies seeking to develop their capabilities in Big Data & Machine Learning.
Our AI engineers augment the existing staff and our hands-on approach ensures success at all levels.
Founded in 2013, Fusemachines is a pioneer in the field of Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence.Elevano is a nationwide technology recruitment firm.
Every aspect of our business is run with the mantra that people impact technology.
DevOps Engineer, Network Engineer, Cloud Engineer, Cloud Developer, AWS Engineer, Build and Release Engineer, Site Reliability Engineer, Security Engineer, Security Analyst, Information Security EngineerDiscovery Logic, a Thomson Reuters business, "connects the dots" across scientific and business databases to inform R&D investment decisions, visualize trends, locate experts and evaluate project and portfolio performance.
Our latest data platform, ScienceWire v3, combines Discovery Logic's search and data mining technology, advanced algorithms and inter-source linkages among real-time open-source and proprietary databases including cross-agency R&D grant data, patents, citations, journals and news.Data for Good, inspired by DataKind.org, brings together leading data scientists with high impact social organizations through a comprehensive, collaborative approach that leads to shared insights, greater understanding, and positive action through "data in the service of humanity".D3 is powering The Human Project at NYU to build the first ever research database based on a study of 10,000 fully-representative New Yorker's, collecting nearly 500 data points, every day, every year for 20 years.The Data Scientist is where you can find out.
We provide frequent updates about local data scientists and the  projects they are working on so you can get to know about real-world data science, here in Singapore.
So whether you are a data scientist yourself or just looking to hire one, come to thedatascientist.sg to keep up-to-date on this rapidly changing field.DCC also helps in maintaining real time data of individuals and corporates along with identity verification, Receivables management, medical records or payments, residential or tenant history, educational verification, credit checks, motor vehicle records, criminal background information, recruiting services, human resource management and fraud & identity theft prevention.Reply specialises in the design and implementation of solutions based on new communication channels and digital media.
Data Reply GmbH, with sister companies in Italy and UK, is a fast growing consultancy based in Munich.
Data Reply is also a partner of Google and Cloudera with several certified consultants in these technologies.DSI is a pioneering biomedical research company focused on preclinical systems physiology and pharmacology.
The recognized global leader in physiologic monitoring, DSI offers telemetry, instrumentation, and software and services that help advance science.
DSI serves many industries including: Pharmaceuticals, Academia, Contract Research Organizations, Biological and Chemical Defense, the Medical Device Industry, Government, and Biotechnology companies.We are a networking group for the practice of data science in the energy industry.
We are an open forum for learning, educating, promoting, and best practices of data science in energy.
Learn from peer presentations about code, techniques, presentation methods, data visualizations and other items related to the practice of energy data science.Data Tomorrow is a data science solutions provider helping organizations with their data challenges and creating data-driven products for consumers and businesses.
Our solutions and services focus on: 
 Monetizing organization's data assets by discovering meaningful business insights 
 Creating and improving data-mining and statistical models 
 Discovering new business models and servicesSolutions for all your data science needs!
Our global selection of top experts will solve any data science challenges for you.
We are able to complete any and all parts of data science projects which need to be done, including
Data scraping
Data mining
Data cleaning
Data wrangling
Exploratory data analysisData-Mania equips working professionals and students with the data skills they need to stay competitive in today's data driven economy.
At Data-Mania, we're cultivating a global community of individuals who are empowered to generate data-informed insights that advance progress in the fields they love.Get the ASO report of your app with personalized, recommended and actionable actions that will improve your app's discoverability.
AppTweak is an App Store Optimization (ASO) tool driven by Data Science that empowers app marketers and developers to improve their store visibility, increase app rankings and drive organic downloads.His strong partnerships focused on Hadoop  ecosystem and a team of Big Data engineers  and Data Scientist are the landmark for customers looking to adopt Big Data technologies and catch the growth opportunities that these technologies can achieve.
The main distinguishing factors that facilitate and support the growth of the team Data Reply, are definitely the strong and continuous commitment to experimentation.Consider us your strategic partner throughout the design and development of compelling data products.
Our experience has been honed through work with our clients and the development of successful product companies.
We work closely with client teams to cocreate solutions, from brainstorming data product ideas and collection strategies to building prototypes.DRS develops information management solutions for companies who rely on significant volumes of data to satisfy business application and government regulatory reporting requirements.
They can be implemented as full-circle suites; individual modules, on premise applications; SaaS; or as outsourced solutions using DRS' experienced professional services staff.At The Science of Digital , we believe that most, if not all, decisions should be based on data.
Specifically in Digital Marketing, NO DECISION, should not based on data.
At The Science of Digital we know how to manage a fully data driven Digital Marketing practice and we are ready to help you...Harnessing data and analytics across hardware, software, and biotech.
Join us for the latest health, science and tech news and thinking from a transforming industry.
GE Healthcare is the $18 billion healthcare business of GE (NYSE: GE).With 10+ years of experience in the technical staffing industry our team exclusively targets Applications, Data Science, Advanced Analytics, Technology Infrastructure, IT Security, and Engineering skillsets to support client needs across their enterprise.
As a technology agnostic provider we can help you hire both consultants and full time employees with a focus in the following technical staffing areas:Our solutions help clients make smart, analytics-powered decisions by unearthing actionable insights and predictions from data.
We blend this technical capability with our consultative approach and ability to conceptualize, design, and execute appropriate data-analytic solutions to address any business objective of our clients.Customizable solutions for FTL, LTL, ocean, air freight, and parcel shipments include: routing guide and freight optimization, customized rate optimization, freight brokering, freight spend management, and Web-based multimodal transportation management system (TMS), ONESOURCE, and shipping solutions for the healthcare, life science, and food manufacturing industries.2DA is a software company and analytics lab focused on developing decision support solutions for commodity supply & trading businesses.
The company mission is to bring together diverse sets of skills and thinking to create simple, yet powerful tools.
Our goal is to help our customers confront the distance between routine and exceptional in managing their business.Here at Smart Data Science (SDS), we deliver smarter results for a Big Data world.
We apply the innovations in big data, artificial intelligence, advanced analytics, social, cloud, mobile and Internet of Things (IoT) technologies to deliver smarter results for our customers.We are business process and software consulting experts, specializing in Odoo ERP & HCM/Talent Management solutions for many industries and small to global corporations.
* Odoo ERP implementation & consulting: Supply-chain, Inventory, Purchasing, Sales, CRM, Retail, e-Commerce, Manufacturing MRP.
* Human Capital Management/Talent Management implementation & consulting: Recruiting, Performance Management, Compensation.Flowcast optimizes cash flow using data science.
We empower finance organizations with new ways to reduce cash conversion cycle, optimize credit/collections efforts, and enhance cash flow forecasting.
Our advanced analytics solution can find patterns in customer and supplier behaviors from structured and unstructured data that can unlock true cash opportunities.ThroughPut is a supply chain solutions company that rapidly identifies costly supply-chain bottlenecks and empowers customers to take remedial action.
Global Supply Chain Problem :
 Supply Chain Decision Makers: 100x faster problem identification to focus on actions
One day, supply chain decision makers will ThroughPut before they Google.3D Search, Inc. is a boutique staffing firm focused on providing our Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology clients with the best possible talent to help them achieve success.
Our clients range from Fortune 500 Pharmaceutical companies to Biotechnology start-ups, all requiring the highest levels of talent to foster success within their organizations.Emerging is a family of companies that elevate restaurant and entertainment concepts to be among the top in the industry.
We provide the most valuable resources to todays emerging operators and concepts.
We provide the highest and most valuable resources to todays emerging operators and concepts.The platform is a comprehensive solution to fully integrate Life Science Researchers, BioPharma, Medical Device Manufactures and Healthcare Providers to improve patient outcomes.
The goal for BlockRx is to interconnect system that do not readily communicate with each other and create data provenance that satisfies regulatory and business requirements.
BlockRx provides the solutions for facilitating the transfer of information.Defour Analytics is the first company in India provides Industry Focused Business/Data Analytics Consulting, Products & Solutions and Supervised Training Programs to help their clients in achieving Operational Excellence.
It is transforming business with its ability to explore new opportunities and by achieving operational excellence through smart decision making.Currently, Dr. Wong is a managing partner of GCE Consulting & Big Data Elite Asia andindependent non-executive director(INED)& audit committee chairman of Autotoll Limited.
He focusesto provide advisory and training services to enterprises on Strategy, Management, Big Data, Digital Transformation and Financial Technology.It helps you forecast market demand with far greater accuracy; schedule production more efficiently; control inventories more tightly and give executives the information they need to increase overall profitability while following strategic goals.
I-Plan is typically rolled out in a fraction the time of ERP systems and often delivers the first demonstrable results in supply-chain transformation projects.The organization is a boutique who has assisted clients on numerous matters regarding pricing, valuation, compliance, and commercial / operational strategy.
The mission of Viewpoint Health is to revolutionize how clients utilize data to improve decision making across the Commercial Operations, Compliance, Clinical / R&D / Medical, Supply Chain and Business Development areas of an organization.Shoodoo makes it possible for all organizations to gain access to the worlds best data scientists and analytical models, at a cost that is substantially lower than existing solutions, integrated comfortably into operational and managerial processes, while being committed to consistent high-quality predictions.In addition to our technical programs, Clark offers exceptional academic courses for students completing an associate degree.
Additionally, its non-credit Economic & Community Development program is housed in the Columbia Bank building in downtown Vancouver.PROS Holdings, Inc.
(NYSE: PRO) is a cloud software company powering the shift to modern commerce by helping companies create personalized and frictionless buying experiences for their customers.
Fueled by dynamic pricing science and machine learning, PROS solutions make it possible for companies to price, configure and sell their products and services in an omnichannel environment with speed, precision and consistency.Publicis Touchpoint Solutions (Touchpoint) designs and implements customized healthcare sales, service, and communications teams.
We listen to our clients and create cross-channel solutions that achieve their goals.
Publicis Touchpoint Solutions provides the human touch to precision cross-channel messaging delivered at the right time and through the right channels to achieve maximum impact.Public Library of Science (PLOS) is a nonprofit publisher and advocacy organization with a commitment to transform scientific research communication with open data, open access, open thinking and an open work environment.
When you join PLOS, you join a team that drives innovation and accelerates the pace of research.Marlabs helps drive digital agility for our clients.
We deliver innovative business solutions using digital technologies such as cloud, mobile, analytics, Internet of Things, and social.
Application Development and Maintenance, Cyber Security, Infrastructure Services, Testing, Packaged Implementation & Support, Product Engineering, Digital Asset Management.Our friend-making mindset not only drives our ideas, it also drives our structure.
Headquartered in Chicago with offices in New York and Milwaukee, we represent major brands across virtually every industry, including The Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM), Benihana, BIC Razors, Cedar Fair Amusement Parks (Cedar Point, Knotts Berry Farm and 10 others), Cintas, Corona Extra, Edward Jones, Nikon, Mercury Marine, Pacifico Beer, Paper and Packaging Board, Porsche, Roundys (Pick n Save and Marianos) and Vitamix.We are singularly focused on driving fast, flexible, impactful business outcomes for our clients through data and analytics.
Our unique hybrid approach integrates focused solutions and expertise across the life sciences domain, business consulting, data science, automated data management, and big data technologies.Proven at the worlds most demanding customers, Guavus is at the forefront of streaming big data analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning innovation.
Guavus provides big data analytics applications for systems planning and operations, mobile traffic analytics, marketing, customer care, security and IoT.Eastern Connecticut State University attracts and welcomes a diverse community of learners who are supported by a teaching faculty, staff, administrators, and a residential campus that promotes intellectual curiosity, integrity, and social responsibility.
Independent of their majors and career aspirations, all Eastern students take a common Liberal Arts core curriculum.Every day at Hunter International, we connect clients with the best and brightest talent in their industry.
Hunter International Recruiting is certified as a womens business enterprise through the Womens Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC), the nations largest third party certifier of businesses owned and operated by women in the US.Leader in Architecture, Engineering, Interiors, Planning and Consulting Services
A full-service design organization with offices in Houston, Austin, Dallas, Denver, San Francisco and Washington DC, along with international affiliate offices,Page provides architecture, interiors, consulting and engineering services throughout the United States and around the world.
For career opportunities log on at http://pagethink.com/v/career-opportunities/We do this by motivating people to achieve sales goals, efficiently managing sales operations, predicting the performance of each sales person, and forecasting sales results and the cost of sales.
Our success has been recognized by Gartner as a Leader in sales performance management, by Ventana Research for innovations in sales operations management, and by Brandon Hall Group for advances in sales enablement.	HCI-100 Top 100 Healthcare IT Companies by Healthcare Informatics Magazine
	Great Places to Work the Minneapolis-St. Paul Business Journal 
	INC5000 - by Inc. Magazine as one of the fastest-growing private companies in America 
	FAST-50, Fastest growing private companies in Minnesota by the Minneapolis-St. Paul Business JournalQuantiphi is a category defining Data Science and Machine Learning software and services company focused on helping organizations translate the big promise of Big Data & Machine Learning technologies into quantifiable business impact.
Quantiphi helps clients find and capture hidden value from data through a unique blend of business acumen, big-data, machine learning and intuitive information design.Zeno Group is a global, integrated communications agency, born from PR.
We pride ourselves on fierce creative grounded in research and insights to drive real impact for clients business.
Zeno researchers, planners, analysts and creatives -- in partnership with our client advocates -- harness information and human insights to make content of all formats work harder and more efficiently.Sift Science is a hyper-growth Series C company that facilitates the largest trust network of online businesses and consumers on the internet.
The Sift Science Trust PlatformTM uses real-time machine learning to accurately predict which users businesses can trust, and which ones they cant.-Provide a community of 137,000 that has become a movement in technology leadership
-Build Global Leaders in Tech, effectively changing the industry 
-Offer low to no barrier-to-entry programs, events, scholarships and more for women to build tech and leadership skills Whether within a process, across the enterprise or throughout the supply chain, we help our partners put their data to work in powerful new ways.
Interested in a career with MSA?
Check out our job board:  https://msa.silkroad.com/epostings/USM Business Systems is an industry-leading talent management firm, specializing in providing unique IT turnkey solutions, IT staffing solutions, and Talent management insights, enabling our clients to sustain a truly competitive advantage in this fast-moving environment.
USM relentlessly focuses on providing absolutely the best people to lead and support your initiatives.NAMSAs deep knowledge of science and regulation has been supporting medical product development for more than 45 years.
This combination of services goes beyond simply improving communication or utilizing a single data management system...NAMSA involves key staff at every stage to optimize strategies, ensure readiness for the next phase and flawlessly execute tasks throughout your product development effort.Were building the platform that enables thousands of data scientists to develop better medicines, grow more productive crops, build better cars, or simply recommend the best song to play next.
Data scientists are being called upon to solve ever more complex problems across every facet of business and civil life.Envy Labs is an Orlando-based web consultancy thats been building software since 2009.
Were a specialized, flexible team of experts that seek out hard web application problems to partner on.
Each member of Envy Labs is senior level in their discipline and passionate to produce the best possible end product.The University provides ideal conditions for about 13.500 students and PhD students to learn and conduct research.
The University attaches great importance to its relationships with international universities.
The European Legal Studies Institute at Osnabrck University is one of Europes most important research facilities in the field of comparative law and the harmonization of law.Since 2015, DAT has doubled the capacity of carriers available to load providers.
DATs products include DAT Keypoint transportation management software, DAT Fleet Compliance services, carrier monitoring and onboarding, truck and trailer tracking, and a comprehensive directory of companies with business history, credit, safety, insurance, and company reviews.BNBuilders is a West Coast general contractor that specializes in highly technical commercial construction projects.
We have key specialists in all areas of construction, including preconstruction, design-build, Integrated Project Delivery, LEAN, Building Information Modeling, and sustainability.
BNBuilders consistently wins the Best Places to Work award in Seattle and San Diego.Q Solutions, a Quintiles Quest joint venture
Launched in 2015, Q Solutions (pronounced Q-squared) is a leading global clinical trials laboratory services organization.
The Q Solutions joint venture was formed by Quintiles and Quest Diagnostics, combining the best of each parent organizations clinical trials laboratory services capabilities.Our goal is to make products, services and technologies that bring people together to celebrate and share great times, and to offer the world what it hasnt yet even imagined.We make Big Data Management easy.
Our solutions help you move, prepare and analyze your data more efficiently to streamline your operations, increase productivity and improve your decision making.
Follow us for updates on Big Data, Data Management, Data Science, Innovation and Industry Best Practices.CrediBLL is an artificial intelligence company that combines machine learning and human intelligence to simplify niche hiring.
Our account managers understand that niche technology hiring can be complex and hence support employers with putting together very relevant dashboards of candidates.
All employers are assigned dedicated account managers who assist you in every step of the way.We are inspired by the notion that personal dedication to quality creates not only superior results, but successful, rock solid relationships.
NOVO Constructions mission is to build long-term relationships with loyal customers.
It is our goal to create success through our commitment to innovation, the strength of our team, and dedication to our customers.Digital Reasoning is a leader in cognitive computing.
Synthesys, our award-winning cognitive computing platform, can rapidly read data from any source, resolve whats valuable and whats not, and reason using a dynamic knowledge graph, which helps enterprises, financial services institutions, government agencies and healthcare organizations reveal concealed relationships, risks and opportunities.We harness these tools to deliver insights that reveal the impact of customer experiences on customer loyalty and advocacy, leading to business growth for our clients.
Our approach also delivers value by expanding the scope of our clients market feedback programs to critical customer facing operations that may not have been completely covered using traditional data collection methods.Inductis, an EXL Company, is a global professional services firm that helps large companies leverage the information age to make data-driven decisions through deep analytics.
Inductis has a strong track record of helping leading companies strengthen their businesses with its unique mix of insightful strategy consulting, state-of the-science analytical capabilities and infrastructure, and dual-shore delivery model.Since then, it plays a prominent role in Toulouse computer science research.
It gathers together more than 690 members among which 500 researchers, faculty members, and Ph.D. students afiliated to CNRS (Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique), INPT (Institut National Polytechnique de Toulouse), UT3 (Universit Toulouse 3 Paul Sabatier), UT1 (Universit Toulouse1 Capitole) and UT2J (Universit Toulouse 2 Jean Jaurs).Over the years we built an extensive knowledge base and created tangible value from raw data across diverse domains including Insurance, health-care, financial services, Security and Risk Management industries.
We have the experience and academic  background in Statistics, Data Mining and  Machine Learning, Business Intelligence and Management Science.Focused on science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM), Vernier is dedicated to developing creative ways to teach and learn using hands-on science.
With world-wide distribution to over 130 countries, Vernier products are used by educators and students from elementary school to college.
Verniers technology-based solutions enhance STEM education, increase learning, and build students' critical thinking skills.Armstrong International is an executive search firm specialising in senior front office hiring across the Financial Services Industry with dedicated specialists in ;  Fixed Income, Equities, Data Science, Corporate Finance, Real Estate, Asset Management, Equities, Credit, FX, Private Wealth, Emerging Markets, Commodities & Private EquityRazorthink powers enterprises with Artificial Intelligence Systems that drive superior decisions, highly efficient processes and ideal outcomes.
Razorthink is an Enterprise AI Systems company that powers organizations with Deep Learning intelligent systems that drive superior decisions, highly efficient processes and ideal outcomes.Keywees platform unlocks audience insights using AI and data science, and infuses them into every step of the storytelling process: from topic selection, to story creation, to distribution and optimization.
Keywee is backed by leading investors such as Googles Eric Schmidt and The New York Times, and has been a fast-growing, profitable startup since its inception.What is Big Data?
All of this unstructured data is Big Data.
However, since 80% of this data is "unstructured", it must be formatted (or structured) in a way that that makes it suitable for data mining and subsequent analysis.
Hadoop is the core platform for structuring Big Data, and solves the problem of making it useful for analytics purposes.Bina Technologies, a part of Roche Sequencing, builds next-generation technologies for scalable and accurate processing and management of genomic information.
Bina's Genomic Management Solution dramatically decreases the complexity, time, and cost of genomic analysis, accelerating the science of personalized medicine.An Wireless Telecom and Datacom IoT OEM & SAAS company , with an in-house multidisciplinary Systematic  R&D  on Advanced Material Science and next generation ICT technology integrated Design, development and pre production environment .
We have technology Apparatus/System , utility Patent  and Design Patent Pending in MultiCore ILP based Mobile IoT Device, Micro Display Device and many others in the development and filing stage.Findability Sciences is devoted to replacing the pain of searching with the joy of finding!
Findability Sciences offer solutions to provide a 'google like' experience within the corporate firewalls thereby improving ability to find vital information better, cheaper & faster.
Experienced teams at Findability Sciences offer webportal companies, solutions to improve findability of content on their sites.GrowthEnabler provides intelligence on tech innovation and disruptive business models to meet the challenges and strategic innovation needs of technology business leaders.
A digital solution providing fast, and objective intelligence, from around the world, enabling confident, data led decision making.
We curate data using proprietary algorithms, data science and machine learning to give you trusted, accurate and reliable intelligence, on demand.Enterprise System Partners (ESP) is a leading global consulting and project engineering company  supporting manufacturing IT solutions for the life science industry since 2003.
ERP Systems (inc JDE, Oracle, SAP)
Automation Systems (PLC/SCADA, DCS, Data Historian)
Laboratory Systems (LIMS, eLab, CDS)
Integration of All Systems
US Office
30 Man Mar Drive, Unit 1
United States
Netherlands Office
Netherlands
Turkey Office
TurkeyYou have an important perspective to communicate, and only a quality article inclusive of your brands attributes constitutes a win.
As part of our daily media monitoring, we evaluate each articles impact on your brand and proactively answer the questions, so what? and what now?Created in Montpellier in 1999 by Laurent Rousseau (CEO), OCEASOFT has established itself as a provider of high-quality temperature monitoring solutions, serving over 1100 clients throughout Europe with innovative products and attentive service.
OCEASOFT offers complete and integrated solutions for temperature monitoring and traceability.In 2006, ASTRI was designated as the Hong Kong Research and Development Centre for Information and Communications Technologies by the Innovation and Technology Commission.
In 2012, ASTRI was given an approval from the Ministry of Science and Technology (MOST) under the Chinese State Council to establish the first Hong Kong Branch of Chinese National Engineering Research Centre (CNERC) for Application Specific Integrated Circuit System in collaboration with Southeast University (SEU) in Nanjing.Knack algorithms outperform job interviews, standardized test scores (SAT, GMAT, GRE, others), GPA scores, and a range of other traditional predictors that colleges, universities, and employers use to make admissions, hiring, and promotion decisions.
Knack is used by people, schools, colleges, universities, non-profits, and employers (including leading Fortune 100 employers) in over 120 countries around the world.By accurately capturing relevant athlete data and applying algorithms grounded in scientific research, our Athlete Management System provides actionable insights that improve player availability and delivers stronger team results.
Kitman Labs is the only company serving the elite athlete marketplace providing accurate, validated markerless motion capture screening and delivering real-time alerts that enable coaches and staff to take preventative actions before injuries occur.At SpringML we focus on turning your data into your most valuable asset.
Accelerate time to make real impact by leveraging smarter, faster and more accurate insights from you data.
We are a team with a focus on individual responsibility, rapid personal growth and execution.We analyse data and apply insights to create better customer experiences.
JBA has a proven track record for successful online and direct sales optimisation for large operators within Australia, Asia and Europe.
With founded eCommerce expertise in architecting online business and data marketing solutions for top tier companies, our strategic direction naturally leans towards major global brands and innovators in digital sales.We pride ourselves on solving acute problems and being flexible enough to quickly develop new products that customers need in todays changing marketplace.
In our quest to enhance plants, seeds, soil and water, we dedicate substantial resources to research and development of new products that deliver consistent results and high value for you, our customer.Our philosophy is simple:  we provide media solutions that consumers actually want to interact with, while generating quantifiable results for our clients.
Optimization, transparency, and an unwavering commitment to results continue to serve as the driving force of our digital marketing revolution.ONZO is a global leader in big data and analytics for utilities.
ONZOs unique approach combines utility sector experience with an advanced capability in data analytics to create smart solutions for consumers and suppliers.AnalytiXagility delivers secure, auditable workspaces for research teams to engage personally, collaboratively and productively around data from multiple systems and sources in order to address complex data challenges.
AnalytiXagility makes it easy to assemble your people, tools and data assets in secure, open source analytic workspaces to accelerate data-driven projects like never before.The Japan Science and Technology Agency (JST) is one of the core institutions responsible for the implementation of science and technology policy in Japan, including the governments Science and Technology Basic Plan.
In doing so, RISTEX's research and development (R&D) produce and utilize "know-how" such as evidence-based,scientifically-grounded data, methods, theories, models, policy proposals and tools-that contribute to solving social problems.The SAN Solutions for Sustainability are a toolbox of services designed to meet the needs of producers and companies along the value chain, as well as organizations and donors interested in delivering real change on the ground.
Our portfolio of solutions is characterized by their flexibility, efficiency and scalability, and by the unique combination of strategic global thinking with local reach and capacity that SAN offers.Value By & For Human : We help large Brands to Design & Deliver their Data Ambition, in a Human & Pragmatic Way, and Activate advanced data-driven Use cases :
- Privacy & GDPR compliance : use consent & privacy center, data leakage, data lineage, etc.
- Industrialization of the data-driven to fully capture the sources of data valueAt La Paillasse we claim that there is no monopole for great ideas and we have been working on re-founding the concept of science laboratory for the upcoming era of collective intelligence, fast prototyping and big data.
The last Open Science program launched by La Paillasse is Epidemium, in partnership with Roche Laboratories.Creativity, Teamwork and Internationality
The classroom provides fundamental knowledge, laboratory practice allows students to apply their skills and solve real-world problems.
Students learn to collaborate and exploit their colleagues expertise, while at the same time learning to respect the work of others and developing an appreciation for standards and methods.Haystack, a major international market and consumer research company
Haystack is an international market and consumer research company that turns products and brands into stellar experiences.
We turn insights into tangible recommendations to help you create superior products and brands, and unique shopping experiences.At RI we are driven by our curiosity to find new ways to unlock the potential of data, to create more value for our global clients.
This is how we design the most appropriate data driven, analytics solutions to help our our clients trade more effectively, including Wal-Mart, Diageo, Mondelez, ASDA, Sainsbury's, Morrisons, Red Bull, Kimberly-Clark and Danone-Waters.Cutting-edge software for advanced data analysis and engineering.
FP Complete helps sophisticated companies develop cutting-edge software for science, finance, Internet of Things, and other advanced data projects.
Our exceptionally well-qualified teams of engineers, operators, mathematicians, and computer scientists use latest-generation techniques such as multicore and distributed functional programming, distributed team management, world-leading Haskell tools, and advanced cloud devops and containerization, to get you new IT capabilities with fast time-to-market and immediate high capacity.Inova provides a cloud-based software and services for biopharma companies to better collaborate today as they develop the medicines of tomorrow.
We have also developed strategic partnerships that make data from the 20 biggest biopharma events automatically available in Inova, providing our users with always up-to-date company and contact information.DataHero is a leading cloud business intelligence software platform that specializes in data visualization and data dashboards.
Founded in 2011, DataHero is the fastest easiest way for businesses to get insights from their data and share them with clients and teams.We empower businesses to improve performance and respond to this high level of uncertainty by making better data-driven decisions.
Our approach combines industry knowledge, analytics and technology to deliver solutions that help our clients make better data-driven decisions.We are a team that aspires to create value by utilizing technology as a product of research.
We aspire to create efficient and effective applications that aids in the supply chain management process.
We EASE complexity and create VALUE
	Logistics Invoice Certification; 
	Logistics AP Analytics;
	Invoice Certification; Instead of abstract numeric views on business processes and their expected outcomes, we apply game & simulation concepts to the analytic process, so as to drive a more effective understanding of complex business dynamics, intra-organizationally as well as across trading partners.Navalgo provides consulting services for data management and computing challenges in the Logistics and Information Technology industry.
- Working with our clients to create data-driven models and develop algorithms best suited to their project.
- Providing staff to support our clients' long-term needs in IT R&D and Data Science.We can help establish the team and set up systems and processes to ensure your data science investments provide value to your business quickly and effectively.
We solve business problems with industrial strength data science.
We believe that every company should be able to monetize their data with predictive analytics.
We Love To Create Solutions That Help Companies To Monetize Their Data.On a mission to give people tools to optimise business operations
Analytics for your Business!
Optimize your Operations.