 We are knowledgeable—we understand the nuances of the science behind cancer therapies.

We are focused—everything we do helps researchers identify the most promising cancer therapies.

We are innovative—we develop and deploy new technologies to help harness the vast amount of data modern trials generate.

We are proactive—we look ahead to anticipate events that might arise as a trial progresses, so we can have plans in place ahead of time.

We are connected—we have coveted relationships in place to get trials up and running fast, anywhere in the world.

We are nimble—our dedicated teams can change course quickly when needed.

We are ready—we are eager to join with you in the quest to conquer cancer. CloudRaker is the marketing and technology agency for the post-advertising era 

We are a team of digital strategists, customer experience designers, brand content creators and creative technologists who help businesses create and capture value. 

We are customer-centric marketers, which means we don’t just make people want things, we make things people want. 

We believe that genuine collaboration with our clients,
partners and customers is the key to doing great work.

SERVICES:
CloudRaker blends the science of data and the art of content to connect with today's customer. For more information, see our Services page. Ipsos is an innovative, entrepreneurial, client-focused global organisation, providing broad market research services. We set ourselves high standards and we go beyond the numbers to identify a course of action that will lead to stronger in-market results. We always challenge, provoke and stimulate thinking, work collaboratively to service our clients most effectively.

Our solutions are:
Media & Brand Expression (Ipsos Connect)
Innovation & Brand Strategy (Ipsos Marketing)
Customer & Employee Relationships (Ipsos Loyalty)
Social Research & Corporate Reputation (Ipsos Public Affairs)
Survey Management, Data Collection & Delivery (Ipsos Observer).

Founded in France in 1975, Ipsos has grown into a worldwide research group with over 16,600 employees and offices in 88 countries. At Ipsos, we deliver insightful expertise and our researchers assess market potential and interpret market trends, develop and build brands which helps our clients build long-term relationships with their customers.
 Empowering cattle farmers

A data collection and analysis tool to improve performance on meat, milk and genetics production. Science and field practice bonded like never before.

Reliable information improve meat production. BovControl shows your true potential and points out ways to achieve it. We also help you achieve goals on daily milk production. A productive cow gives more milk given the proper care and enjoys more life quality. Knock out mistakes when registering bulls and cows. This helps prevent that your champions get lost on paperwork – or the lack of it. Founded in 1998, Dimensional Strategies Inc. (DSI), has grown from a small 8-person shop to being the go-to data experts in the GTA. Being a Microsoft Partner means we design, deploy, deliver and support custom quality solutions using Microsoft technologies. 

We love what we do and are fortunate enough to help our clients make better, more timely decisions by improving their information access capabilities and enabling key processes. 

We would love show you how using analytics can change your business. Send us an email sales@dstrat.com & let's start the conversation! 

Follow us on Twitter @DSIDataExperts & check out our website www.dstrat.com Wiser is the leading provider of actionable data for better decisions. Wiser collects and analyzes online and in-store data with unmatched speed, scale and accuracy. The Wiser platform then blends these insights with advanced workflow software to drive business value for brands and retailers. Using a unique combination of data science and human validation, Wiser offers integrated solutions for every aspect of retail, all in one place. 

For more information on Wiser, please visit http://www.wiser.com/
 
And follow us on: 
Twitter: @wiserdata
Facebook: /wiserinc Flexware Innovation, Inc., a 20-year young Midwest engineering firm, focuses on assisting manufacturers nationwide to operate more efficiently with real-time business intelligence and automation solutions. Staffed with well-rounded technical and business system experts, Flexware is a nationwide, go-to resource for life science, food and beverage, industrial and discrete industry clients for software development, automation engineering and business intelligence, including custom manufacturing execution systems (MES) and IoT integration. Whether devices, software, user interfaces, data or analytics, Flexware’s highly-skilled team works side by side with clients to solve the most complex IT and manufacturing engineering obstacles. 

Our Life Science, Food & Beverage, Industrial and Discrete industries successes include: 

•	Increase productivity
•	Minimized downtime
•	Reduce costs
•	Improved product and process quality
•	Harnessing real-time analytics
•	Accomplished business goals

The Flexware team has been solving real-world IoT issues since our inception. We are in the trenches daily helping customers develop and implement custom and scalable solutions, by first listening and identifying limitations, constraints and concerns. 

Flexware’s capabilities in the IoT and Big Data space includes: 

•	Consult on strategic IoT direction for the customer
•	Development of custom, electronic IoT devices for remote communications utilizing cellular, 
	satellite, LPWAN, WiFi or other wired and wireless technologies
•	Development of custom device management, cloud or enterprise IoT solutions
•	Program management of electronic assemblies


---- Flexware's Mission ---- 
To have a positive and lasting impact on our families, clients, and community through a healthy work environment and innovative problem solving. Mjølner Informatics is a software and design consultancy, and we are passionate about making businesses grow digitally.

Data Science, Internet of Things, Digital Innovation, Customer Research,  Experience Design, and Industrial IT are our service areas.

We create innovative and holistic digital solutions that add value
to your business now – and in the future.

 The Analytics Institute is the professional body for the Data Analytics and Data Science sector in Ireland. he Analytics Institute is the Professional Body for Data Analytics and Data Science professionals in Ireland. 

We exist to promote greater awareness, understanding and innovation in Data Analytics. We are fully supported in our mission by leading organisations in the sector. Our founding members include senior experts from Central Bank, IBM, Microsoft, SAS, Central Statistics Office, Revenue Commissions, An Garda Siochana, NAMA, FTI Consulting, Inside Sales, AIB and Core Media.

The Analytics Institute provides members with the opportunity to network with other professionals in the industry, to learn about career development opportunities, to share knowledge and expertise, to access Continuous Professional Development programmes and to carry the official designation M.A.I.I. (Member of the Analytics Institute of Ireland). 

Our organisation works with Government, Academia and the Corporate Business Sectors to promote cooperation, research and employment growth in the Data Analytics and Data Science sectors.
 Bright joined the LinkedIn family in February 2014. Please follow LinkedIn's Company Page at https://www.linkedin.com/company/linkedin.

We believe that finding the right job should be easier than splitting an atom. Steeped in data science, Bright eliminates the noise in the hiring process by efficiently connecting job seekers to their best opportunities, and employers to their top prospects. We unlock the power of artificial intelligence to identify and establish a one-to-one signal between candidates and successful outcomes. Bright is not just an innovation in online job search — it’s a mission to move the labor markets faster.

Our machine-learning algorithm, the Bright Score, examines thousands of data points to find the best fit between job seekers and job openings. By reducing time to hire, Bright is a welcome relief to job seekers and employers. We live in a Programmable World. Tasks and processes that were once powered and organized by human beings are becoming more and more automated.  These systems rely on software and algorithms. In this disrupted environment, MFG Labs’ mission is to help brands and organisations Embrace the Programmable World, by adding layers of intelligence on top of these automated systems, or by creating these systems when they don’t already exist.

Our team is what allows us to seize the opportunities of this Programmable World. MFG Labs’ talent pool ranges from mathematicians to designers, with strong roots in world-class academic backgrounds. This rich asset forms a one-stop shop that encompasses strategy consulting, design, digital expertise, software engineering and data science. Our operating model is made of highly agile and collaborative processes, strong project management, extensive code libraries and technological expertise, and a specific focus on R&D capabilities. 

By combining top talents and state-of-the-art technologies, we empower companies from a wide range of sectors with tools that allow them to start their own data-driven revolutions. This helps them develop new ways to operate that translate into unprecedented competitive advantages. Gradient is an environmental and risk science consulting firm renowned for our specialties in Toxicology, Epidemiology, Risk Assessment, Product Safety, Contaminant Fate and Transport, Industrial Hygiene, Geographic Information Systems, and Environmental/ Forensic Chemistry.  Since 1985, Gradient has employed sound science to assist national and global clients with resolving their complex environmental and human health challenges. 

Our scientists apply skills and expertise to challenging issues relating to chemicals in the environment, workplace and products.  We work in a variety of fields affecting environmental and human health, including:  

Toxicology & Risk Sciences
Exposure & Risk Assessment
Epidemiology
Ecological Risk
Occupational Health & Safety
Gene-Environment Interactions
Chemistry/Forensics
Chemical Fate & Transport
Data Quality Management
Remedial Strategies
Air Quality
Geographic Information System (GIS)
Climate Impacts
Water Resources
Cost Recovery/Allocation
Environmental Cost Estimation
Global Chemical Registration & Notifications
GHS Hazard Assessment
Safety Data Sheet (SDS) Support
Pharmaceuticals/ Biopharmaceuticals
Medical Devices
Predictive Toxicology
Biocompatibility
Nanotechnology
Food Safety
Green Chemistry & Alternatives Assessment NFOE is a full service architectural practice providing clients with innovative and superior design solutions to demanding functional and technical problems.

Based in Montreal, Canada, the firm is recognized for its specialization in the design of leading edge facilities and sophisticated buildings for the sciences. Bad habits can be hard to break and an unwillingness to recognize this is why many corporate wellness programs ultimately fail. That’s where Corporate Health Partners comes in. Unlike impersonal virtual programs offered by other wellness providers, CHP offers personalized health improvement solutions—designed to create lasting behavior change.

As one of the Top 25 Wellness Providers of 2017 and an industry leader with over 16 years experience providing onsite corporate wellness programs, CHP can help you cultivate a healthier workforce, making employees more productive in the process. We believe people are products of their environment, and that culture can either support or sabotage their personal goals. To keep your environment nurturing the former, we work with you to change food policies, increase health awareness with educational classes, and develop healthy living competitions to get people walking the talk.
 
When you partner with us, we’ll get to work immediately providing a wellness assessment and plan, individual biometric and health risk assessments for benchmark measurement, personalized face-to-face coaching sessions for continuous improvement, and year-long culture building. And, to keep CHP staff, clients and participants aligned, our Health Portal provides a home in which to view year-to-year improvements and trends.
 
CHP's health coaches have a passion for helping others live healthy and are professionally trained in behavior modification techniques. They also possess at least a bachelor’s degree in a health science field such as Registered Dietitians/Nutritionists, Exercise Science/Physiology and Fitness.
 
With CHP, everyone’s a winner. Our clients win Atlanta's Healthiest Employers every year, and their "employer of choice"​ programs are lowering risk factors and saving lives. In addition to seeing the ROI on the faces of their employees, our clients are seeing it in the bottom line. Delphic is now Hero Digital. This account is no longer actively managed. Follow us at Hero Digital as we pursue our goal of creating the strongest independent customer experience agency in North America.

Hero Digital combines strategy, design thinking, systems architecture, and data science in our delivery of multi-channel customer experiences for brands. From the beginning of the customer’s journey to the purchase process and post-purchase support, we help the world’s best brands keep their customers engaged. http://herodigital.com/ 
CSA, which has 40 years of experience in the field of market research and opinion polling and 130 employees, provides companies and institutions with a detailed understanding of consumer behaviours in order to learn their needs, analyse their environments, anticipate changes in their behaviours, and identify the pathways for engagement using a clear decision-making process.

A multi-sector institute resolutely focused on the crossing of data in all forms, CSA specialises in knowledge of the user experience, forecasting and the evaluation of communication actions. CSA Consumer Science & Analytics has been part of the Havas Group since October 2015.
 Beginning in 1934 as Japan's pioneering photographic film maker, Fujifilm has leveraged its imaging and information technology to become a global presence in healthcare, graphic arts, optical devices, highly functional materials and other high-tech areas.

At Fujifilm, we are continuously innovating — creating new technologies, products, and services that inspire and excite people everywhere. We take an open and flexible attitude to innovation, combining our own original technology with human resources, expertise, and technology from around the world. Through this powerful synergy, we rapidly and nimbly develop new solutions that address the true needs of our global customers.

We have an open, fair and clear workplace culture allowing us to discern objective facts in a sincere and straightforward manner, make rational decisions, and continuously take on challenges. With this corporate culture, we are consistently creating new value and exercising pioneering leadership.

Did you know that Fujifilm developed the world’s first digital camera? In 1988 at the Photokina trade fair in Germany, Fujifilm announced the FUJIX DS-1P, the world’s first camera to save data to a semiconductor memory card. Jump ahead almost 30 years, in 2016, we celebrated our 5th Anniversary of our X-Series line of Prosumer Digital Cameras revolutionizing the digital camera market. The Instax line of Consumer Products has brought excitement and fun back to developing photos again - especially for young teenagers and millennials. 

FUJIFILM Canada's head office is located in Mississauga, ON, Canada. This office includes Finance, Operations, Sales and Marketing functions for the Canadian market. The Canadian office markets and provides services for a broad spectrum of industries including digital and instant film photographic products; industrial segments including photofinishing products, data storage, electronic materials and graphic arts products and services. Fastcase is the premiere American provider of online legal research. The company's patent-pending research software helps busy legal professionals sort through the clutter, ranking the best cases and statutes first, and enabling users to re-sort search results to find answers fast.

Fastcase puts the whole American law library on the desktop -- providing online access to millions of cases, statutes, and regulations, and at a fraction of the cost of existing alternatives. Fastcase is an American company based in Washington, D.C. and founded in 1999. It was built by lawyers and for lawyers, with the input of specialists in legal research, library science, and law. Fastcase's mission is to make better research available to more people through innovation, value, and choice. The better we understand the way we move, the better we can build cities, mobility services and transportation systems to meet our needs.

Teralytics offers the most advanced insights on human mobility based on cutting edge data science, proprietary machine learning algorithms and deep technology, capturing billions of signals every day from cell towers and other unique sources. We work with leading telecom companies and data partners around the globe to capture information about people’s geographical locations, movement habits and demographics; all completely anonymized and aggregated.
 
We believe in unlocking the power of data to change the cities we live in, solve real-world business problems, enhance people’s lives, and ultimately benefit the world.

Headquartered in Zurich, Teralytics has offices in New York and Singapore and we are backed by Atomico, Lakestar, and Horizons Ventures. Clear Peak is a management & analytics consulting firm.

We operationalize data and elevate performance by uniquely integrating deep Insight and Data Analytics experience with focused Supply Chain and Customer Experience subject matter expertise.

We believe In high performance, agile teams operating in a high trust, transparent and collaborative environment to deliver better business outcomes. Relationship fundraising powered by donor intelligence. For more than 15 years, Pursuant has helped hundreds of nonprofit organizations raise millions of dollars. As a full-service fundraising agency, we help our clients get new donors, keep them longer, and increase their giving to the organizations they care deeply about. We believe that data science married with award-winning creative results in deeper relationships with the right donors. Headquartered in St. Louis, Mo., ARCO Construction Co., Inc. is a general contracting firm dedicated to providing clients with the complete design/build package. ARCO specializes in the design and construction of office buildings, warehouse/distribution centers, cold storage facilities, data centers, bio-science laboratories and research facilities, senior living facilities, retail centers, multi-family buildings and healthcare facilities, on a local and national basis.  Having completed nearly 4 billion in finished projects in twenty years plus, we aim to make the construction process both enjoyable and beneficial for our clients and to exceed expectations through successful planning, design and construction. Quintiles and IMS Health have come together to become IQVIA, The Human Data Science Company™
Inspired by the industry we help, IQVIA commits to providing solutions that enable life sciences companies to innovate with confidence, maximize their opportunities and ultimately drive human health outcomes forward. 


To learn more, visit www.IQVIA.com and https://www.linkedin.com/company/iqvia/ Orbital Insight is a Geospatial Big Data company leveraging the rapidly growing availability of satellite, UAV, and other geospatial data sources, to understand and characterize socio-economic trends at global, regional, and hyper-local scales. 

WHO ARE WE?
Backed by top tier VC's, including Sequoia Capital and Bloomberg Beta, we build products that have never existed before, and could not exist without the ongoing proliferation of rich geospatial data sources, image processing, machine learning algorithms, and inexpensive cloud computing. For our customers, from hedge funds to Fortune 500 companies to humanitarian organizations, we deliver an understanding of economic and social trends at a depth and scale they could only imagine up to now.

FROM DATA TO INSIGHT AT ANY SCALE
We collect data at spatial resolutions from 30 meters down to 20 centimeters and at multi-year to hourly time scales. We cultivate expertise in image processing, machine learning and rigorous statistical analysis to match our data's exponential growth. In one recent project we processed 1 trillion pixels and counted 700 million cars to generate tradeable insights into national shopping behavior.

FORECASTING AND REPORTING
Our Geospatial Big Data analytics platform is flexible and comprehensive. On it we can assess anything from the number of containers moving through the port of Rotterdam, to the rate of construction in China, to the number of cars in Walmart parking lots. We start with historic imagery and known economic trends, train models, and then forecast results for the current period using satellite imagery. We visualize our results for easy customer digestion and iterate with them continuously using the latest web tools.

HIRING
We are hiring in data science and software engineering. For job openings see orbitalinsight.com. At Infoready, we help our clients discover new business opportunities by providing deep insights into customer behaviour and business operations.

Our team of experienced data experts uncover hidden patterns in your data and reveal opportunities for growth and improvement. We help businesses respond faster to changing customer needs by providing a big picture view of their customers and developing solutions to improve efficiency and reduce risk.

We work with some of Australia’s leading brands, providing expert data engineering and data science services. From data collection, storage, and discovery, to analysis and consumption, we enable businesses to extract value from their most valuable asset. 

In 2016, Infoready joined the Melbourne IT Group (ASX:MLB).

Melbourne IT Enterprise Services is a leading provider of digital solutions for enterprise and government. 

We help Australian businesses turn their vision into reality by creating compelling customer experiences across all digital platforms.
 
With a focus on rapid, design-led innovation and continuous improvement, we deliver deep insights that help businesses better understand their customers’ needs and preferences, design solutions to meet these needs, and reduce the time it takes to move from ideation to commercialisation. At BELL, we believe too many children are falling behind due to lack of access to quality out-of-school time (OST) education. After all, two-thirds of the academic achievement gap between children from low-income communities and their higher-income peers is caused by a lack of summer learning. 

For over 25 years, in partnership with schools across America, we have developed summer and after-school programs that blend academics with enrichment to transform students to scholars and narrow the achievement gap. Hand-in-hand with parents, educators, and school administrators, we have developed, refined, and replicated research-based OST programs that blend academic and enrichment to boost grades and social-emotional skills. 

In 2016, we served over 14,000 Pre-K-8 scholars in 28 U.S. states. Through BELL’s partnership and licensing model, we leverage our expertise and resources to strengthen the capacity of school districts and CBOs to launch their own summer and after-school programs, or optimize their existing ones. BELL guides partners in all facets of OST programming:
 
- Program Design
- Professional Development
- Technical Assistance
- Academic Curriculum
- Data Transfer & Management Systems
- Philanthropic Funding & In-Kind Donations
- Program Assessment & Evaluation
 
Our approach recognizes that schools and CBOs have tremendous conviction and capacity to serve children, and families, and that sharing knowledge can result in deeper and broader impact. A summer learning program typically consists of:

- Education and enrichment during the summer or after school
- Small-group instruction in reading, writing, and math
- Enrichment courses in science, technology, arts, and health
- Physical fitness activities
- Field trips and community engagement
- School and community-based staff

To learn more about job opportunities, including part-time jobs for teachers, visit: www.experienceBELL.org/jobs. Eulidia - "Unlock your business with intelligence : do it smarter, not harder"​.

We have been helping our clients from the very first stage of their projects to final implementation, with the goal of making lasting changes within their company.

Created in 2008, Eulidia has positioned itself as the Business Performance Partner offering a large range of services in Business Intelligence, Big Data and Performance Management : 

- Performance Management Consulting
- Project Ownership Support
- BI/Big Data Technological Expertise and Integration
- Advanced Business Analytics Expertise

With our team of highly qualified and experienced consultants Eulidia works with key accounts and significant mi-market players to implement every stage on their decision-making technical platform. 
Located in Paris, France, the company's rapid growth is a direct result of its efficient responses to the customer's demands.

Contact us, and we will offer you a wide panel of services and solutions (Performance Management, Business Analytics, Big Data, Business Intelligence...)
You will take advantage of our 10 years recognized experience.

Eulidia 2017 Turnover : 7 M€ Design Your Digital Future. 

Tiger Tail Digital – a company within the Adcorp Professional Services group of companies, operating in South Africa and Australia – unites leading digital talent with organisations to close the digital talent gap.  

This space is not about matching a CV to a job, it is about thinking differently – doing things differently – putting the right people in the right place to achieve the required progress.

Workforce solutions (perm/contracting/projects) in the following areas: 

•	Digital Marketing & Media
•	Design, UX, UI, Creatives
•	Data Science, AI, Machine Learning
•	Cyber Security
•	Digital Architecture
•	RPA 
•	Agile

Contact 011 244-5425
 ESILV (Léonard de Vinci Graduate School of Engineering) is structured around digital sciences and technology and is separated into 4 major specialisations that include computer science, computational mechanics, finance, and energy. With intimate class sizes supporting close peer-to-peer interaction, team projects, and international internships/opportunities, students receive a comprehensive, well-rounded education. ESILV is a member of the CGE, the UGEI, the CDEFI, and Campus France. 
ESILV awards graduates the “Diplôme d’Ingénieur” accredited by the “Commission des titres d’ingénieur (CTI)” which is the French accreditation body for engineering programmes and institutions. ESILV has the Master label EURACE.
ESILV is a 5 year programme that provides the digital industry with cutting edge specialists in computational mechanics, aerospace, automotive, computer science, big data, smart objects, smart home, smart grid, portfolio management, banking, and insurance. Advancing the Science and Engineering the Systems of Model-Based Drug Development

Cognigen Corporation, a Simulations Plus Company provides strategic clinical pharmacology and pharmacometric consulting services, PK/PD model development, clinical trial simulations, exposure-response evaluations, and related data management services including analysis dataset creation and documentation. Cognigen’s multidisciplinary scientific teams reliably deliver high quality comprehensive technical reports synthesizing analysis findings to enable knowledge-based decision-making at critical regulatory and drug development milestones. Our PERSPECTIVE Hypertext Data Analysis Mapping software and Internet-based client collaboration strategy allows integrated project teams real-time collaborative review of results and ensures relevant actionable findings. Dataquest teaches data science online, using python.  Learn data science in your browser by working with real datasets. Artificial Intelligence Driven Production Automation & Optimization for Every Well in Every Field

Ambyint offers an AI-driven, artificial lift optimization solution that helps E&Ps reduce cost while improving production.  We integrate best-in-class physics based analytics capabilities with best-in-class data science and machine learning capabilities. Our Production Optimization Platform (POP) provides for monitoring, operations, management, and optimization. We can deploy the software leveraging customers’ SCADA data and infrastructure or deploy in combination with our proprietary high-resolution adaptive controllers (HRACs), which provide higher resolution data and control/optimization capabilities. We deliver unparalleled insights with POP but can deliver improved insights and real-time actions at the wellsite with our HRACs. With 20%+ Opex reductions and 10%+ production improvements to E&Ps, our customers benefit from <6-month paybacks, even on low-value stripper wells.

The company has a 12-year operating history delivering best-in-class artificial lift control and monitoring solutions to E&Ps and over that time has gathered a high-resolution data set, equivalent to 75 million hours of pump operating time or 45 TBs, 67,000x larger than our nearest competitor. Pulling deep IP from our precursor business, we have re-platformed Ambyint on a much lower-cost technology stack. We are leveraging innovative technologies, including edge computing in proprietary intelligent devices, predictive analytics, machine learning, and modern UI design to deliver significant benefits to customers. If you are interested in the (Amsterdam based) company (SURF) sara, you are advised to check and/or follow https://www.linkedin.com/company/surfsara (and optionally unfollow SARA).

In 1971 SARA was founded by the University of Amsterdam, VU University Amsterdam and the Mathematical Centre Amsterdam (now Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica). It was especially dedicated to high performance computing.

Nowadays, SARA is an independent organization which supports scientific research by offering the most advanced services and expertise in the areas of computing, data storage, visualization, networking, cloud and e-Science. In 2010 SARA accommodated its ICT services for the commercial market at daughter company Vancis. SARA now exclusively addresses to the support of scientific research.

As of January 1, 2013 SARA - from then on SURFsara - forms part of the SURF Cooperative. Business Overview

At Oakam we’re on a mission to make financial services accessible for millions of people across the UK. Can you help us make this a reality?

Our customers are the ‘under-banked’.  They are excluded from the mainstream system of financial services used by many to easily access credit, due to low incomes or poor or no credit history in the UK.   And since 2007, via our network of high-street stores and our virtual store, we’ve provided them with affordable credit based on a deep understanding of their personal circumstances -- not just their credit score.  We’re now building on this success by expanding our services digitally across the UK and overseas. 

For example, through our mobile app, we are currently trialling the latest engagement and incentivisation techniques to positively influence customer behaviour.   We are also using advanced data science techniques to make the best underwriting decisions and reward our customers with lower interest rates.

Above all, our focus is always on building trusted relationships. We’ve done this by serving our customers respectfully and often in their own language. Our 290 staff speak more than 27 languages and even more dialects. Our relentless focus on customer service is the reason why the vast majority of our customers come via word-of-mouth referral.

If you’d like to join us on this journey, we’d love to hear from you: jobs@oakam.com

Oakam was established by CEO, Frederic Nze, with the support of Cabot Square Capital, a leading financial services private equity firm. ReSci is a marketing automation platform powered by AI. We predict customer behavior and help brands create one-to-one interactions with their customers via email, mobile, and web. We make sophisticated data science driven marketing accessible for all marketers.

ReSci personalizes AI-driven lifecycle marketing campaigns for the world's most innovative brands including: Target, Dollar Shave Club, The Honest Company, Microsoft, Beats by Dre, Violet Grey, and more. 

ReSci has been featured in WSJ, CNN, and Forbes; and has been named a "Most Innovative Company in Los Angeles"​ by Inc. Magazine as well as a "Top 100 Brilliant Companies in America" by Entrepreneur Magazine.

We're hiring! To learn more, please visit: https://www.retentionscience.com/aboutus/ ESM Digital is a tight-knit team of #HigherEdGeeks who combine science and creativity to provide you with the high-quality inquiries that are most likely to convert into students who start—and stay—in your programs. At ESM Digital, we use science to find solutions that satisfy your unique goals and objectives, including you every step of the way. Instead of hiding behind a mountain of mystery analytics, we work hard to help you understand exactly what we’re doing and the results we are seeing. We like to consider our team an extension of yours and know that we’re successful when you are. We are a team of creative data geeks who are as passionate about education as we are about digital marketing. We care about your mission and your numbers as much as you do and we want to forge a real partnership where your success is our success. Located in Andover and Cambridge, MA

Why work at ESM Digital?
-  THE PEOPLE: Work with bright, talented, passionate people in a relaxed, fun, family-like atmosphere.
-  Your coworkers are like friends and family: you can count on them to lend a helping hand.
-  Your work/life balance matters: we allow flexible schedules to accommodate your needs.
-  Learn something new every day: we support you in becoming a thought leader and growing as a digital marketer.
-  See first-hand the impact that your work has on clients.
-  Challenging projects that break up the day to day.
-  Work in a positive, passionate environment.
-  Quality not quantity of clients: if the client wins you win.
-  We are growing and we truly care about our employees and our clients. We are dedicated to offering superior, ethical client service. ITMAGINATION is helping its clients to innovate by providing professional software development services, data analytics and outsourcing.

Established in 2008, it is one of the fastest growing technology services companies in Central and Eastern Europe, ranked in Deloitte Fast 50 CE.

ITMAGINATION specializes in services and solutions for banks, financial institutions and companies operating in the FMCG sector as well as construction and technology industries. It has successfully delivered hundreds of projects for nearly 90 medium and large business partners from all over the world.

Apart from its headquarters in Warsaw, ITMAGINATION also has branch offices in Lublin, Wrocław, Kraków, Gdynia, Płock and New York. It consists of a workforce of over 450 highly qualified professionals.

Company’s competencies are:
+ Software Development 
+ Cloud 
+ Data Science 
+ Data Management 
+ Performance Management 
+ Outsourcing
+ Managed Services
+ ERP

ITMAGINATION's portfolio includes prestigious prizes and awards: Deloitte Technology Fast 50 Central Europe (4 years in a row), Polish Forbes Diamonds, Business Gazelles and Computerworld Top 200. Butterfly Network is a cutting-edge technology company focused on democratizing healthcare through an ecosystem of products that are ultrasound-based. Our vision is built upon a powerful fusion of semiconductor technology, cloud platform, artificial intelligence/deep learning and big data. 

Butterfly Network operates at the cutting edge of multiple engineering and scientific disciplines and strives to bring together world-class talent in computer science, physics, and electrical engineering. The company is privately held and well funded by a small group of extraordinarily successful serial entrepreneurs. The Company is in the rare position of being able to focus 100% of its efforts on product and intellectual property development rather than fundraising. The National Oceanography Centre (NOC) undertakes integrated ocean research and technology development from the coast to the deep ocean. It provides long-term marine science capability including: major facilities; sustained ocean observing, mapping and survey; data management; and scientific advice. Marine science national capability is provided to the Natural Environment Research Council (NERC) by NOC working in conjunction with our Delivery Partners. Trendintech was founded in 2015 under the umbrella of New York-based GetU Media LLC. The major topics covered on the website are technology, science, art, and culture.

Forging ahead, on the course to be one of the globally leading news outlets in this field, Trendintech analyzes and delivers all news from the technology community in a realistic, comprehensible, and faster way. The tailored content, prepared by the experts in different fields, helps managers, entrepreneurs and tech-savvy users get information in line with their areas of interest to enable them to make the informed and correct decisions. So the main goals of Trendintech are to inform, communicate, and inspire.

The most distinctive feature of Trendintech that makes it stand out from the crowd is that it ensures users are able to reach short but concise information in the fastest way possible. Therefore, the website interface was designed watching out for a modern look as well as the latest software infrastructure. The daily content offered to the readers is posted faithfully to the nub of the news and simplified as much as possible. Alacrity Services established itself as a leader in Property Casualty Claim Solutions in 1999. Today, Alacrity has the most complete online independent contractor network in the direct repair service industry. While our contractor network and the leading edge applications needed to support it are the core of our business, we continue to expand our services in line with our customers'​ needs. Recent developments include: hand held technology that provides mitigation contractors with real time data used to set drying plans consistent with IICRC standards, highly customized mitigation and restoration management solutions, and a mitigation estimate desk audit program. The smart application of drying science to monitor results is producing substantial improvements. Alacrity is dedicated to turning new, imaginative ideas into effective products and services that streamline existing methods, improve customer service and produce better financial results. A Big Data, Analytics & Data Science Specialist, GrayMatter Software Services Pvt Limited has implemented 200+ successful BI and Analytics solutions across multiple industries, technology platforms globally. NASSCOM  awarded GrayMatter as one of top 50 Emerging Companies in India. With unparalleled strengths in the BI and Analytics arena using best-in-class technology, innovative DWH architecture combining it with varied domain/functional knowledge, our tailor-made industry specific KPI driven products is the game changer. The success of our products across industries like Airports, Insurance, BPO’s, Retail and Finance is a validation of the industry specific BI approach. We are one of the most experienced Pentaho Partners in the world today having implemented solutions across Pentaho product stack, spanning multiple industries across geographies. Now GrayMatter is ISO 27001 Certified!

Current focus:
End-to-end Big Data Analytics,  BI, Analytics and DWH services based on the following competency centres established over the years
•	Pentaho 
•	SAP  BI
•	SAS and R
•	Microsoft BI
•	Big Data Analytics / Data Science / Predictive Analytics

Industry specific Analytics Products
•	Airport Analytics (AA+)
•	Insurance Analytics (IA+)
•	Finance Analytics (FA+)
•	HR Analytics

GrayMatter  established a global R & D center in Helsinki with the Finnish Innovation Eco-system and set the stage to raise the bar in the BI and Analytics arena worldwide. GrayMatter is based in Bangalore, India, with global offices in Europe (Budapest, Hungary), USA (Dallas, Texas), UK (London), Asia (KL, Malaysia) and Middle-East (Abu Dhabi, UAE). Our first global R&D centre in Helsinki, Finland has become operational in 2014 with primary focus on Airport Analytics product and Solution engineering. Stone & Chalk is Australia's leading independent fintech community for innovation programs, advocacy, and partnerships. Since its Sydney launch in August 2015, Stone & Chalk has helped create a formidable home for fintech startups across NSW and Victoria, and has become recognised as one of the top fintech innovation hubs globally. 

Stone & Chalk has 24 Australian and international corporate partners, houses over 100 full-time startups, 352 residents, with 13 of these now exporting. Together with its 32 alumni, Stone & Chalk startups and scaleups have secured over AU$211m of direct equity investment, and have created 500 direct new jobs in the areas of fintech, cyber security, insurtech, data science, and connected devices. 

Stone & Chalk has established resident and corporate innovation programs, inclusive of investor programs, pitch training, mentorship, and training.

To become a part of the Stone & Chalk community, please visit stoneandchalk.com.au/apply DesignMind is a data analytics consulting firm with offices in San Francisco and Irvine, California. Our consultants are experts in Business Intelligence, Big Data, Cloud, Database, and Mobile Solutions. We help organizations organize, maintain, understand, and optimize their data.

Our partners include Microsoft, Cloudera, Hortonworks, MapR, Profisee, Qubole, and Tableau.

Our clients include Autodesk, BioMarin, Bridge Housing, Endologix, Intuit,  Jamba Juice, McAfee, One Medical Group, Prosper, and Under Armour.

We have expertise in Big Data, Business Intelligence, Power BI, Data Platform, Mobile Apps, Portals and  Collaboration, and Custom Software Development.  Our Business Intelligence team specializes in Enterprise Data Warehouse, Data Mart, Mobile Business Intelligence, and Self-Service BI.  



 Hispavista is a company in the Internet sector with more than 20 years of experience in the online world, present in Spain, London, Chile, Mexico, Colombia and Miami, which has focused its activity on the creation of services and initiatives in the field of new technologies and the internet.

Nowadays it is a group that consists of the following business units:

Hispavista, whose main activity is to plan, develop and execute global digital marketing strategies focused on results for its clients, offering services of:

- Business, data and strategy: business consulting, Smart data & Intelligence, digital strategy and innovation, ecommerce consulting, blockchain, Big data & Machine learning

- Efficient digital products and "User friendly"​: UX & Design, multi-device development, ecommerce development, native apps, advanced integrations, hosting and Cloud solutions.

- Online Marketing: RTB, programmatic advertising, Google Adwords and Shooping, Social Media Ads, SEO, Social Media Marketing, email marketing, content marketing.


Hispavista LABS: the first R & D & I unit exclusively dedicated to the Internet in Spain and approved by EU, belonging to the Basque Science, Technology and Innovation Network, which promotes new projects related to Big Data & Machine learning, Blockchain, Internet of Things (IOT), ICO startups, Smart Cities, Industry 4.0, the cloud and new technological trends.

Hispavista Ventures: a newly created unit dedicated to creating and / or promoting startups and to follow the path towards growth and profitability, as is the case of Taskia and other ICO startups.

Hispavista Network, our network of vertical portals: trabajos.com, Tu.tv, labolsa.com, Galeon, Globedia that occupy leadership positions in its different segments. Morrison is an agency powered by digital natives, technologists, and thinkers. We’re brand-builders at heart, and work to deploy the best of what technology has to offer to accelerate growth for our clients. Hadapt was acquired by Teradata (NYSE:TDC) in July of 2014.

Hadapt developed the industry's first Big Data analytic platform natively integrating real ANSI SQL with Apache Hadoop. The unification of these traditionally segregated platforms enables customers to analyze all of their data (structured, semi-structured and unstructured) in a single platform–no connectors, complexities, or rigid structure.

The company’s core technology began as research in the Yale Computer Science department from a team including co–founders Dr. Daniel Abadi and PhD student Kamil Bajda–Pawlikowski. The third co–founder and CEO, Justin Borgman, was a student at the Yale School of Management when he learned about Dr. Abadi’s research and saw its commercial potential. Founded in 2010, the company raised $17MM in funding from Atlas Venture, Bessemer Venture Partners, and Norwest Venture Partners. Blackbird Technologies, Inc. is a technology solutions provider whose mission is to solve challenging problems for customers in the Defense, Intelligence, and Law Enforcement Communities. Since 1997, we have applied our technical expertise, innovation, and operational experience to meet our customers’ unique and complex challenges. 

 Blackbird’s engineers, scientists, researchers, and analysts develop practical, field-ready solutions designed to address the toughest issues facing our customers. We successfully meld science with robust and reliable communications technology; fuse data and create multi-level data dissemination systems; and develop specialized networks that meet stringent requirements for reliability, security, and attribution. 

Blackbird's core competencies are:
•Persistent Surveillance. Developing state-of-the-art sensors, reconnaissance products, and apps for enterprise and mobile platforms together with secure infrastructure for globally transmitting mission-critical data
•Cyber Security. Protecting critical assets from network attack and engaging adversaries in the cyber domain
•Global Intelligence Systems. Applying high-performance computing, advanced analytics, and proprietary methodologies to develop actionable intelligence Iconsulting (www.iconsulting.biz) is an independent System Integrator specialized in developing best-in-class Data Warehouse, Business Intelligence, Performance Management and Big Data systems. 
Originally founded by a group of University researchers, today it is a strategic partner of the leading technological vendors: Cloudera, Google Cloud Platform, IBM, Informatica, Jaspersoft, Microsoft, Microstrategy, Oracle, Qlikview, SAP, SAS, Tableau,Tibco. 
Iconsulting has offices in Bologna (HQ), Rome, Milan and London, has carried out more than 500 successful projects and has a portfolio of over 150 high standing clients.
The heart of our business model is the R&D laboratory, which accounts for 25% of the company activities, in collaboration with the major Italian Business Schools and Universities.
The current studies focus on: Big Data, Location Intelligence, Real Time, Social and Mobile.
Iconsulting chairs “Master in Data Science”  in collaboration with Bologna Business School and has started the Better Decisions factory (www.betterdecisions.it) , making available the know how necessary to create a Competence Center which provides support to the governance of DWH, BI, EPM and Big Data Analytics projects. Clue is the #1 doctor recommended period & cycle tracking app. It helps you understand your cycle so you can discover how to live a full and healthy life.

Clue has more than five million active users in over 190 countries, and is one of the most popular apps in the “Health & Fitness” category in the United States, Germany, the UK, Brazil, France, Mexico and many others.

Clue uses science and data to provide actionable personal insights into female health. The free mobile app, available on iOS, Android and Apple Watch, calculates and predicts users’ periods and PMS based on users’ data. It calculates fertility windows based on global averages, which can be made more accurate by users’ entering ovulation test data.

Clue’s mission is to help people all around the world benefit from insights into female health. The startup was founded in 2012 by a Danish female entrepreneur, Ida Tin, who is convinced that technology will profoundly change the future of family planning.

Numerous major media have greatly praised Clue, including TechCrunch (“Clue is the most underrated app ever”), BuzzFeed, Wired (“Hottest Startups 2015”), Cosmopolitan (“We love Clue”) and The Huffington Post (“Awesome”). 
The Berlin-based startup has the backing of prestigious investors such Union Square Ventures; Mosaic Ventures; Groupe Arnault, the controlling shareholder of LVMH Moët Hennessy - Louis Vuitton; Brigitte Mohn of Bertelsmann; and entrepreneurs from Spotify, SoundCloud and Dropbox. Orbis Consultants is a global, multi-sector recruitment agency specialising in digital, technology, financial services and data.

We’re a curious bunch of creative recruiters, relentless in our pursuit of bringing together the smartest talent, with the world’s leading global brands and innovative start-ups. 

Everything we do is informed by our core set of values.

Integrity
We do what we say, and we say what we mean. We are open and honest about our opinions, our intentions and our mistakes.

Communication
We believe strongly in the power of good communication; direct human contact is the lifeblood of our business.

Focus
We are single minded in our pursuit of excellence in recruitment, setting the standard for the industry to the benefit of our candidates and clients.

Professionalism
We take pride in our work. Our processes ensure quality is at the backbone of everything we do, from placing candidates to developing staff.

Determination
We are relentless in pursuit of our goals and meeting the needs of our clients and candidates, our is what delivers our success.

Email: info@orbisconsultants.com
Call: 0203 854 0024

Twitter: @OrbisConsult
Facebook: facebook.com/orbisconsultants
Insta: @orbis_consultants

To view live roles and to register, visit www.orbisconsultants.com




 Acrotrend is a globally-operating customer insight and analytics consultancy with experience delivering high value to blue chip companies around the world. Established in 2007, our current roster of clients includes UBM, Reed Exhibitions, GlaxoSmithKline, Cancer Research UK, Nuffield Health and more.

Data visualisation and business intelligence reporting is just the tip of the iceberg in terms of what Acrotrend's team of BI scientists and architects can do for you. We will help you not only uncover data insights, but also put them into action and make them work for you.

We provide a start-to-finish data analytics consultancy service, starting by collecting and warehousing your data for you, then deriving actionable insights that you can use to better understand your customers. We will help you see how and when your customers are engaging with you now AND help you predict how to better connect with them in the future.

From C-suite management to production to marketing, every division of your company will be able to connect with customers like never before - using a fraction of the resources.

Get in touch with us today to learn more about how we can help you get started actioning data insight. Helping Hiring Managers and Internal Talent Acquisition teams with their talent sourcing requirements and hiring headaches. 

Working with eCommerce, Internet, Product, Digital, Mobile and Technology-driven organisations across the UK, Europe, the Middle East and beyond.

We constantly pro-actively source talent globally to select the best people for your business needs.

We're a true business partner.

We've successfully placed (and relocated) talent to the UK, Germany, Switzerland, Netherlands, Czech Republic, Poland, Romania, UAE, India, South Africa, Argentina and we don't want to stop there.

Headhunting, Confidential Search, Executive Search, eCommerce, eCommerce recruitment, mobile recruitment, digital recruitment, internet recruitment, emerging technology recruitment, analytics, business intelligence, product managers, product recruitment, online marketing recruitment, creative recruitment, executive recruitment, blockchain and crypto-currency recruitment and more..
 NatureServe, a non-profit organization, provides high-quality scientific expertise for conservation. Our dynamic and impactful data, tools, and resources help guide conservation action where it’s needed most. We envision a world where decision-makers fully understand the importance of science in identifying and protecting our precious animals, plants, and ecosystems. 

The NatureServe network includes many faces, names, and expertise from the United States, Canada, and Latin America. More than 1,000 conservation professionals work to ensure that relevant and reliable science is driving important conservation action. The School of Information is UC Berkeley’s newest professional school. Located in the center of campus, the I School is a graduate research and education community committed to expanding access to information and to improving its usability, reliability, and credibility while preserving security and privacy. This requires the insights of scholars from diverse fields — information and computer science, design, social sciences, management, law, and policy.

Based in UC Berkeley’s historic South Hall, roughly 150 graduate students and 18 faculty members form a small, multi-disciplinary collective of scholars and practitioners.

The I School offers two professional master’s degrees and an academic doctoral degree. Our MIMS program trains students for careers as information professionals and emphasizes small classes and project-based learning. Our MIDS program trains data scientists to manage and analyze the coming onslaught of big data, in a unique high-touch online degree. Our Ph.D. program equips scholars to develop solutions and shape policies that influence how people seek, use, and share information. Established in 1990, IIT Campus is the pioneer in offering British degrees in Sri Lanka. Offering programmes in IT and Business from Foundation, Undergraduate to Postgraduate Degrees, over the years more than 3000 graduates have passed out and are employed in prestigious positions in the Local and the Global industry. Informatics Institute of Technology popularly known as IIT Campus is a member of Informatics Group, Sri Lanka. Predictive Science provides big data solutions to Fortune 1000 marketers’ most pressing challenges. Using a powerful combination of big data, proprietary algorithms and a team of highly trained analysts, they are unmatched in their ability to turn complex data sets into simple views and stories to bring your audience to life. 

Understanding your audience multi-dimensionally via behaviors, influencers, experiences, and interests allows you to chose the most appropriate messaging, programs, offers, and channels through which to engage with them.

Many of the largest companies in the United States have derived meaningful financial value from the Predictive Science range of solutions. Current engagements include accounts like Verizon and the NFL. Sentiance is a data science company turning IOT sensor data into rich insights about people’s behavior and real-time context. These insights enable companies to understand how customers go through their everyday lives, discover and anticipate the moments that matter most, and adapt their engagement to real-world behavior and real-time context.

The Sentiance SaaS platform collects sensor data from smartphones and IOT devices to interpret situational context in real-time and understand user activities and whereabouts.This data is aggregated to create rich behavioral profiles and support predictive capabilities. 

Sentiance context intelligence enables solutions for lifestyle based insurance, contextual marketing & commerce, smart mobility, connected health, smart home, smart city and connected car. Integral Consulting Inc. is an international science and engineering firm providing multidisciplinary services in the fields of health, environment, technology, and sustainability.

Founded in 2002, Integral has a proven track record of developing innovative and cost-effective solutions to the complex technical challenges facing our clients. Our primary goal is to help our clients make informed decisions, manage risk effectively, and identify optimal solutions by applying our science and engineering expertise. We also support our clients in the areas of strategic planning, agency negotiations, technical peer review, and expert services for litigation.

Integral’s capabilities and projects span environmental investigation and forensics; toxicology, human heath risk assessment, and public health; engineering and remediation; sediment science and management; ecological risk and natural resource damage assessment; litigation support; water resources, surface and groundwater modeling; environmental and health and safety compliance; air quality; data visualization and management; and sustainability.

Visit us at www.integral-corp.com. ListenLogic is a leading provider of unstructured and structured data analytics and insights serving the pharmaceutical, insurance, financial services, food, communications, consumer packaged goods and technology industries.  We specialize in unstructured data modeling, predictive analytics and real-time risk sensing with Fortune 100 clients across multiple vertical industries. 

ListenLogic Analytics & Insights deliver real-time market and operational intelligence by analyzing all forms of unstructured data from social media, open-end surveys, call center notes and internal documents and the integration with structured transactional data. Our Enterprise Risk Sensing detects reputational and operational risks that emerge from external and internal unstructured data. Our Pharmaceutical & Health division, ListenLogic Health, specializes in providing brand and market intelligence to life science companies. We transform relationships between brands and people.

Strategically led, creatively driven and technologically passionate, as a growing group of planners, writers, designers, coders, motion artists and more, we work closely together towards one goal: delivering impactful work that has the power to transform brands.

Digital strategy
Brand communications
Data science
Service design & innovation
Digital brand transformation
Content strategy & creation
Mobile & web development
User research
Social marketing

We’re proud to partner with brands loved around the world, including Sony, Sony Mobile, Royal Mail, Thomas Cook Money, F+F, Grünenthal, Air Tahiti Nui, Microsoft, IKEA, Stanley Black & Decker, Tourism Ireland, E.ON and Volkswagen. Strike Social harnesses the power of artificial intelligence to drive the best outcomes in YouTube and social media advertising. Through media-buying software and service, Strike Social helps agencies and brands, such as Beats, Xbox, Honda, Mattel, Lionsgate and Trunk Club, scale their campaigns by 25x while achieving 30–70% better performance. With a workforce presence in 16 major markets — including headquarters in Chicago and offices in Kraków and Manila — Strike Social was recently named the No. 17 fastest-growing private company in the U.S. by Inc. Magazine. Get in touch by visiting strikesocial.com or by calling 1.312.819.2125.

Recent recognition:
• 2017 Inc. 500: No. 17 Fastest-Growing Private Company
• 2017 Inc. 500: No. 1 Company in Chicago and Illinois
• 2016 Red Herring North America Award: Top 100
• 2016 Moxie Award: Best B2B Startup in Chicago
• 2016 Chicago Inno 50 on Fire Winner Qstream is a sales capabilities platform that combines performance analytics, coaching optimization and knowledge reinforcement in a powerfully simple mobile enterprise solution. Driven by science and data, Qstream is used daily by top companies in life sciences, technology and financial services to optimize sales team performance at scale — with impact to the bottom line.

By letting reps play a game on their phone for just minutes a day, Qstream delivers data-driven insights that help sales leaders align behaviors for growth, and identify targeted coaching opportunities to strengthen the capabilities that matter most.  Whether you're delivering information to new hires or reinforcing product messages and selling skills from a recent sales meeting, Qstream is the only solution proven to durably change the customer-facing behavior of your reps. 

Today Qstream is used by 14 of the top 15 global life sciences companies, as well as leaders in technology, healthcare and financial services. The company is based outside Boston, MA, with additional locations in Hood River, OR and Dublin, Ireland. We build Great Products. Period. Across the floor we deliver scalable software to world-class companies like Microsoft & Motorola and still sit by the side of an idea stage business founder & take the right decisions for them, every time!

Founded by Silicon Valley veterans who are senior entrepreneurs themselves with a track record of building complex products. 

Key strengths are Product Engineering, High end Technology, Scalable systems and Strong Agile Process.

Deep domain experience in eCommerce,  Retail, Healthcare, BPM, E-procurement, Supply Chain, Aviation, ITSM etc for customers spanning US, Europe and South-East Asia.

Technology stack: Java, J2EE, Ruby, Rails, Node.js, MongoDB, BigData. BCS Technology International (BCS) is an award-winning Australian owned IT Professional Services organisation focusing on the provision of quality consulting in the area of Analytics, Digital, Cloud, Blockchain and Application Development.

Founded in 2001, BCS has emerged as a leading provider of innovative solutions  for many industries including Banking, Finance, Travel and Healthcare

With over 180 consultants located in Sydney, Melbourne,Delhi,Manila, Jakarta and Singapore,BCS offers a team of experts who are able to provide unique cost saving solutions leveraging onshore, onsite and off shore capabilities. BCS believes that in today’s economic climate a flexible Professional Services model is the key to success.

Together with our close working relationship with partners such as Microsoft, Cloudera and SAS, we are able to offer services and solutions that give our customers a competitive edge.
 Ranked amongst the Top 100 Global Big Data Brands, Dataconomy Media is Europe's leading Media Portal focussed solely on Data Science . Organizer of Europe's largest Big Data Events & Conferences, Dataconomy Media bridges the gap between Data Science and Business.

For more details into our rankings. Please check out the following report: http://bit.ly/1T6gVM5

Follow us at @DataconomyMedia on Twitter for regular updates! AltX is the go-to intelligence platform for the hedge fund market.  

AltX combines innovative science, technology, relational and behavioral data, with traditional financial analytics and regulatory data, to deliver superior manager and market insights and to help users make smarter investment decisions. Proprietary algorithms, big data, superior analytics, real-time news and relationship mapping help anyone in the hedge fund market discover and monitor more compatible investment relationships and opportunities. 

The AltX user base is made up of investment professionals from hedge funds, investment banks, pension funds, endowments, asset managers, family offices and more. 

AltX was founded in 2012 and is headquartered in San Francisco. Huntel Global, a subsidiary of Drake International, is a boutique recruitment firm, conceived and established to bring a new approach to an increasingly important niche area. We specialize:

•	Data/Workforce Analytics
•	Business Intelligence / Data-Warehousing
•	Software / Hardware Engineering
•	Senior IT Business Development

As specialists, we understand the complexity of these sectors. We leverage our in-depth knowledge of each practice area and apply a creative and dynamic approach to the recruitment process, resulting in a fitting solution for each candidate and each client. Our team of consultants handle a broad spectrum of roles ranging from intermediate to executive levels, for permanent and contract mandates. BLUWARE CORP IS NOW BLUWARE + HUE + HEADWAVE.

Together we are positioned to fundamentally change how market leaders gain competitive advantage through modern computing technology.

Our combined teams have been working together since early 2017 — listening to our customers, collaborating with other industry leaders, and charting a course for truly disruptive innovation.

In the coming months and years, we will bring radically new solutions to the entire E&P lifecycle, from Exploration through Appraisal, Development and Production.

---------------------------------------------

PAVING THE WAY FORWARD WITH UNMATCHED GEOSCIENCE SOFTWARE INNOVATIONS

Headwave lets you visualize massive amounts of data and run incredibly complex computations -- all interactively. You don't have to break it down and batch it up. You can work in real time with all the data you have — even tens of thousands of wells, hundreds of thousands of square kilometers. This means you can dramatically shorten your business cycles -- weeks and months turn into hours and days. Headwave is also an open platform where you can implement your own IP and build complete software solutions. It is automation-ready and scales to any computing environment.

We have the flexibility and expertise to contribute high-value technology and services across your projects. Our teams can work independently to solve your challenges or be seamlessly embedded into your organization. From initial technical assessments and planning, through implementation and project management, to ongoing support services, you can rely on our expertise to deliver superior results.
 Paragon 28 was established in 2010 as an orthopedic foot and ankle company. The name “Paragon 28” was chosen to show that we are exclusively a foot and ankle company, with the “28” representing the number of bones in the foot. We will remain true to that vision. Paragon 28 was started as a small, family-based company and we have kept those core ideals as we have grown.

Our mission is to strategically build a company around the core principles that drive innovation and quality. Relentlessly working to advance the science behind foot and ankle surgery, Paragon 28 is passionate about and committed to:

       - Creation and Innovation: Blending different surgical philosophies from various global thought 
         leaders to develop bio-mechanically and clinically relevant surgical solutions.

       - A Focus on Service: A customer service based, dedicated, and highly trained distribution network 
         to the foot and ankle market.

       - Efficient Practices: Meeting the needs of increasing pricing pressures and reimbursement while
         continuing to develop cutting-edge surgical implants.

      - Practical and Comprehensive Solutions: Creating complete surgeon-centric systems, specialty
        instruments, and next generation implants to solve real world issues faced by foot and ankle 
        surgeons.

      - Research Motivated: Improving clinical outcomes through meaningful and unbiased research. We
        are ready to embrace research data regardless of marketing impact.

Motivation, competition and the desire to learn are unique characteristics that are incredibly valuable to our success. Paragon 28’s work environment is modern and exciting. We are seeking experienced and energetic individuals to join our team in areas of Quality, Engineering, Marketing, Sales, Administration and Accounting. We provide an end-to-end service to companies who aspire to become data-driven, enabling them to capture value from the huge amount of data available in today’s digital world. 

As a part of Telefónica, one of the world’s leading telecommunications companies, we have a team of experts in the fields of Data Engineering, Infrastructure, Data Science and Business Insights who have worked on Big Data projects in a wide range of sectors in over 20 countries.

 Embark on your journey to become a data-driven company.

luca-d3.com VMR Consultants is a group of specialist IT headhunters operating in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Germany, United Kingdom, United States, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Norway and Sweden.

We operate under the following subsidiaries, covering several areas of technology recruitment
- Dot Net Resourcing (www.dotnetresourcing.com/): .NET and SharePoint/Microsoft technology recruitment
- J People (www.java-recruitment.com/): open source technology
- ERP Associates (www.erp-associates.com/): ERP and Microsoft Dynamics AX/NAV/CRM
- Data Revolution (www.datarevolutionhr.com/): data science, business intelligence, big data, artificial intelligence, machine learning and natural language processing)

For more information about our specialist IT recruitment service, or to enquire about/submit an IT vacancy, please contact us online: www.vmrconsultants.com Kira Systems helps enterprises uncover relevant information from their contracts.

Our easy-to-use machine learning software requires no consulting engagement and no technical expertise to get started.

About Kira
Kira is powerful, award-winning software that excels at searching and analyzing contract text. Kira offers pre-built, machine learning models covering due diligence, general commercial, corporate organization, real estate and compliance. Using Kira Quick Study, anyone can train additional models that can accurately identify virtually any desired clause. Kira can be deployed on virtual data rooms and other large repositories of contracts, creating summary analyses within minutes. 

Customers, who include some of the world's largest corporations and professional services firms, have trusted Kira on hundreds of billions of dollars of transactions to date. They also deploy Kira for knowledge management, contract search, analytics, and other use cases where visibility into contract provisions is critical.

About our team

Our fast-growing team combines experience in corporate transactions with theoretical and applied computer science, engineering, and design.

More at https://kirasystems.com/about Nowadays, companies access to a huge amount of internal and external data. More than ever before.

In Bayes, we are experts in Modelling, Forecast and Optimization. Our unique method has been brewed for 25 years of experience transforming client’s data in value-added information, optimizing their business decisions, identifying opportunities and anticipating risks.

The detection of variables that affect the operation of each brand/market, modelling and forecast, and the optimization of inversions are key elements of Business Intelligence which Bayes provides to the clients. Our working method is unique because of our heterogeneous-data processing system, our modelling technology and our Bayesian methodology.

- Client portfolio activation	
- Price elasticity, sustainable premium price, threshold prices
- Default	
- Price simulators: brands, package, portfolio
- Measure of advertising ROI: brands, environment, scheduling	
- Client churn risk
- Demand forecast: schedules/holiday, macroeconomic factors, weather 	
- Social media buzz impact on brand health/corporate image
- POS activation effects	
- Call Center sizing / public attention
- Customer and consumer tracking 	
- Optimizing retail PDV activation (picture of success).Data treatment and exploitation, Data sharing. InCred is a new-age financial services group that leverages technology and data-science to make lending quick and easy.

InCred is credit for Incredible India. We use technology and data-science to make lending quick, simple and hassle-free. We believe traditional ways of lending can exclude those most in need because of outdated, rigid and often inefficient processes. At InCred, we have simplified the lending process with a sharp focus on serving our borrowers’ unique needs and circumstances

We operate 4 businesses as part of the InCred Group

Consumer Loans

At InCred we understand that “life happens” and that our bank accounts are often unprepared for unexpected financial needs. From medical emergencies to happy events like weddings, InCred’s consumer business focuses on providing unsecured personal loans that are both convenient to process as well as fairly priced. 

Home Loans

InCred believes that every Indian has the right to own his or her home. In line with this belief, our home loans business focuses on a consumer segment that is not a priority for traditional lenders like most banks and housing finance companies. We focus on affordable housing (loans of Rs 10-30 lakhs) to serve hard working families.

Education Loans

InCred aims to support the India growth story and to aid current and future generations of Indians embark on their personal nation-building journeys - by removing the biggest hurdle our students face when dreaming of higher education - financing. 

SME Loans

InCred believes in India’s potential to emerge as the fastest growing economy in the world. With over 50 Million SMEs in India and their numbers growing everyday, India’s growth will be driven by these businesses. However, the biggest hurdles in the growth and expansion of these SMEs are financing and inadequate access to credit. InCred aims to help such businesses overcome these obstacles by providing working capital, growth capital and tailor-made financing solutions.  Srijan is a digital engineering company with more than 200 seasoned professionals onboard, helping enterprises and product companies adopt digital easily and effectively.  We leverage technology and 15 years+ extensive expertise in delivering complex and high-performance applications, to enable the transformation. Srijan is also a global leader in open source technologies with Asia's largest team in Drupal and JavaScript. 

Srijan is headquartered in New Delhi with delivery centers in Goa, Gurgaon, Bangalore, and Manila; and also has presence in the US, UK, Australia, Singapore, and Japan. Srijan uses agile and lean processes to help enterprises devise and execute digital transformation strategies, build quick products to validate their ideas, streamline product marketing platforms, and adopt a holistic omnichannel strategy. A new kind of hedge fund built by a network of data scientists.

Numerai manages an institutional grade long/short global equity strategy for the investors in our hedge fund. We transform and regularize financial data into machine learning problems for our global community of data scientists.
In December 2015, we created the world’s first encrypted data science tournament for stock market predictions. 

The most accurate and original machine learning models from the world’s best data scientists are synthesized into a collective artificial intelligence that controls the capital in Numerai’s hedge fund. We reward outstanding contributions from the data science community in USD, paid out in ether. JSTI GROUP , was founded in 1978. In 2002 it was transformed, from a state-owned public service institution, into a private science company with all employees being the shareholders--the first such case among all provincial scientific research institutions transforming into private business in China’s  transportation sector. It became a limited liability company in 2008. JSTI was listed on the A share market of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 10 January 2012.

JSTI has always been committed in providing our customers with one-stop, professional and comprehensive solutions. Our business areas cover roads, municipal projects, water systems, city rails, railways, aviation and construction, environment etc. We have developed into a group consisting of many enterprises withthe following as core business: planning consultation, exploration and design, scientific research, test, quality management consulting and new materials, new technologies and new product development. Now we have been on the markets of 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in China, and also showing our presence on the overseas markets. We have 25 branches in other provinces, 35 wholly-owned subsidiaries and 5participated subsidiaries. 

In the future, we will expand and develop new business such as green energy, smart city and big data industry while keeping tapping our existing business of exploration and design, and comprehensive test. On the firm base of innovation, capital operation and overseas management, we will maintain our competitive advantage for sustainable development.

        苏交科集团股份有限公司（以下简称“苏交科”）成立于1978年，2002年成为全国交通行业省属科研设计院所中第一个由事业单位改制为员工持股的科技型民营企业，2008年整体变更为股份有限公司，2012年1月10日苏交科首次公开发行A股股票并在深圳证券交易所正式挂牌上市。

        目前，苏交科业务覆盖全国31个省、自治区、直辖市，业务领域涉及公路、市政、水工、城市轨道、铁路、航空和建筑、环境等行业，形成了以规划咨询、勘察设计、科研、试验检测、质量管理咨询及新材料、新技术和新产品研发为核心业务领域的企业集团。 Parallel Consulting is a multi-award winning, international recruitment consultancy. With over 12 years expertise within Analytics, Digital and Tech, we are the company to contact when you are looking for high quality staff or for the next step in your career. 

We've placed over 2300 staff in over 15 countries and have a superb team of well trained, niche market recruitment experts. Many of our clients have worked with us since 2004.

Our Analytics and Data Science teams are widely regarded as one of the best in the Europe (the only agency asked to speak at the 2016 Customer Insight and Analytics Exchange in London)

All our staff are trained to be experts in their technical markets, understand local tax laws, become IOR accredited, trained to be LinkedIn Super-users and all can provide our customers with recruitment solutions covering Permanent, Contract, Fixed term and Retained hiring projects.

2015 awards:
London Stock Exchange 1000 Companies to inspire Britain 
Sunday Times SME Export Track (15th place in the UK)

2016 awards:
London Stock Exchange 1000 Companies to inspire Britain 
Sunday Times SME Export Track (69th place in the UK)

Our team build valuable, long-term relationships with clients and candidates which provide the bedrock for our success and is, in the eyes of many, a real differentiator in our approach to their business. 

We encourage business enquiries from prospective clients at any time. Simply contact via our website: www.parallelconsulting.com or call 020 3326 4100

Parallel Consulting is currently recruiting staff with experience of contract or permanent recruitment sales and actively encourage approaches from interested or inquisitive parties. If you’ve always wondered where that truly rewarding, fun and interesting career opportunity lay…it’s here ! So, get in touch and find out where a journey with us could take you… QuantumBlack helps companies use data to drive decisions. We combine business experience, expertise in large-scale data analysis and visualisation, and advanced software engineering know-how to deliver results. From aerospace to finance to Formula One, we help companies prototype, develop, and deploy bespoke data science and data visualisation solutions to make better decisions.

In today’s competitive environment, organisations that respond faster to change, with better insight and greater precision, hold a sustainable advantage. At the same time, information has gone from scarce to superabundant, affording an unprecedented opportunity for them to do so. Effective decision-making is therefore increasingly underpinned by data processing and technology capabilities. Ysance - Your Data in Action

Ysance is the provider of a pioneering people-based marketing platform and a builder of data-centric digital solutions. 

The People-Based Marketing Platform
Ysance is the provider of a people-based marketing platform, the emerging leader in Europe. Ysance enables marketing teams to recognize and qualify an unprecedented share of their anonymous digital audience and engage them in meaningful personalized interactions, across all online advertising, web, mobile, in-store and email activation channels. Benefits include optimized media strategies, superior web and mobile conversions, online-to-offline omni-commerce strategies that demonstrably grow in-store revenue, and turbocharged email campaign performance.

Ysance Digital Services
Ysance Digital Services boasts over 10 years of experience in helping organizations design, build and operate their data-centric digital platforms. We offer expertise in several areas: Big Data, Data Science, Data Insight, Data Integration, Data Analytics and Data Architecture.

For more information, visit www.ysance.com We love challenges. That is our motto. 
Since the early nineties over 250 employees have been creating high-end technical solutions for our customers from our offices in The Netherlands and Lithuania. Since then we have evolved into a full service digital partner. We only work with the best people and top notch technology. We're proud to be an award winning, multiple Gold Microsoft Partner and Platinum Sitecore Partner.

Whatever the challenge, we create the best solution. We think out of the box and combine multiple perspectives, such as strategy, data, marketing and sales. And we don’t just implement this technology. We make sure it is adopted by your organization, because we are convinced that only then it contributes to your success. 
 
What's your challenge?

Macaw. Challenge accepted.


More about Macaw:
https://www.macaw.nl 
https://www.macaw.nl/werken-bij/vacatures
http://twitter.com/MacawNL 
http://facebook.com/MacawNL
http://youtube.com/marketingmacaw
https://www.instagram.com/macaw_nl Fetch Technologies accesses and transforms Web data into actionable information for the enterprise.  With competitive intelligence, content aggregation, news aggregation and background screening solutions, Fetch serves a diverse range of premier clients including Dow Jones, ADP, Shopzilla, Altegrity and CityGrid.  Fetch's highly advanced Live Access service takes resource-intensive data acquisition off the hands of the enterprise, providing in return the meaningful, useful information that the enterprise needs to stay competitive.   

Established in 1999, Fetch’s founders developed the core artificial intelligence algorithms behind Live Access at the University of Southern California's Information Sciences Institute.  Fetch’s artificial intelligence solutions were further refined through years of research funded by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), the National Science Foundation (NSF), the U.S. Air Force, and other U.S. Government agencies.

Fetch has numerous patents pending in the fields of artificial intelligence and information extraction. Acquisio, a Web.com company, provides software that facilitates customer acquisition using ad platforms such as Google AdWords, Facebook Ads, and Bing Ads. Marketers of any size can benefit from Acquisio’s advanced data science tools to automate and optimize most of the processes involved in acquiring new customers online.

As one of the first SaaS companies to apply advanced machine learning technology to advertising, Acquisio’s high-frequency optimization algorithms perform nearly 2.5 million campaign adjustments per day for 400 clients running over 300,000 campaigns. Acquisio is recognized as being one of the fastest-growing companies in North America, winning the Deloitte Tech Fast 500 and Fast 50 awards for four consecutive years.

Acquisio has its headquarters in Montreal, and has offices in New York, Seattle, Austin, Rio de Janeiro, London, Istanbul and, Tokyo. In 2017, Acquisio joined the Web.com family, a leading global provider of internet services and online marketing solutions for SMBs.

For more information, visit www.acquisio.com Nuevora is a unique Big Data analytics solutions provider that helps leading organizations achieve positive, high-impact business outcomes through the delivery of continuous and context-sensitive predictive insights. Nuevora’s analytics platform enables faster, scalable, and intuitive development and application of predictive insights by business users. Nuevora’s solutions are built as dynamic predictive apps targeted to optimize specific business problems across a given business process.
 
Nuevora’s predictive solutions power smarter marketing for effective customer acquisition, retention, and life-time value growth leading to enhanced customer equity and profitable growth.
 
Leveraging a combination of data science, predictive algorithms, and Big Data technologies, Nuevora’s strong team of data scientists and consultants help organizations implement smarter decisions across the entire customer life cycle. Nuevora specializes in customer and risk analytics and delivers “Analytics-as-a-Service” to enable easy institutionalization of analytics-based decision making across customer organizations.
 
Some of the best run organizations across financial services, insurance, retail, travel services, high-tech, and other industries partner with Nuevora to achieve higher levels of customer equity and marketing ROI. Nuevora’s vision is to help shape the BPaaS market space and be a leader in delivery of cloud-based advanced business analytics apps for targeted business problems. BEM Systems is an employee-owned consulting, engineering, and information management firm providing comprehensive environmental services to federal, state, and local government agencies and commercial clients. Founded in 1990, BEM distinguishes itself from traditional consulting firms with its use of cutting-edge technology to efficiently process diverse data sources. BEM has the unique ability to integrate its expertise in science and engineering with proprietary data management and visualization software systems, which are developed in-house to provide customized solutions for any environmental situation. Pharmalink provides Life Science corporations comprehensive sales and marketing solutions by leveraging the unprecedented access to thousands of healthcare professionals around the world by way of a sophisticated online collaborative platform channel: NetworksMD. 

NetworksMD is a Singapore-based strategic joint venture formed by Invida Group, the largest pharmaceutical commercialization services firm in Asia, Clearstate, a market intelligence firm committed to the Healthcare and Life Science domains specifically within the Asia Pacific region, and Brightsquid Inc., a Canadian Healthcare technology firm, to promote leading web-based healthcare collaboration platforms and technologies. Leveraging new paradigms of Software as a Service (SAAS) and Cloud Computing, NetworksMD provides the tools and platform to connect healthcare professionals with information that is required to consistently deliver top-tier care. Disparate geographic locations and departments can be integrated, enabling real-time health care delivery data and outcomes research between hospitals, clinics, laboratories, diagnostic imaging centers, clinics, and physicians. NetworksMD features a centralized patient record and document repository, allowing for contextual case creation while using a system that ensures HIPAA requirements related to patient data are met or exceeded. Since 2006 and with the help of 50+ software engineers and information technology experts, BADR delivers 
- big data and data science solutions, 
- web & mobile applications, 
- and social media analytics services to clients around the world. 

BADR specialized in accelerating the process of building an affordable coherent software team with the right skills, whether your company is a medium enterprise or a startup.

BADR boasts a successful track record attracting investors to the tech it’s built. Hublogix.com, Seeloz.com, and Incorta.com in the US, and GetGrover.com in the UK have raised over millions of dollars between them with BADR as their tech arm.    Trax is the world leader in computer vision solutions for retail. Trax offers best-in-class in-store execution tools, market measurement services and data science solutions that are fundamentally transforming how in-store retail data is being collected, viewed and analysed. With Trax, consumer goods manufacturers and retailers can improve product availability, reduce distribution gaps, identify category opportunities and increase their sales immediately.

Our unique technology uses a combination of image recognition, deep learning and data science to turn shelf images captured with mobile devices, fixed cameras or robots into real-time actionable insights. These recommendations and predictions not only help customers measure and monitor their in-store execution performance but also unlock revenue opportunities in the marketplace. 

Trax has been chosen globally as a strategic partner by over 175 clients in over 50 countries. Some of the world's top brands such as Coca-Cola, AB InBev, Nestle, Henkel and P&G among others leverage Trax globally to increase efficiency and business growth. Trax is headquartered in Singapore with offices across Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East, North America and South America. 

To learn more about Trax, please visit http://www.traxretail.com. Datascope is a data science consulting company. We work closely with our clients, using creative processes inspired by the design community to help them identify valuable and innovative ways to use data. We also make these ideas a reality, building out everything from quick proofs of concept to scalable production systems.
 Anchored by the urban markets of St. Petersburg and Clearwater, Pinellas County is home to the headquarters of three Fortune 500 companies: Jabil, Tech Data and Raymond James. The county’s diverse, yet symbiotic, industry clusters ensure the availability of an adaptable high-tech workforce. With industry leaders Home Shopping Network (HSNi), Nielsen, ValPak and Catalina Marketing, Pinellas is rapidly becoming Florida’s hub for advanced data analytics. The county also has the second largest base of manufacturing employment in Florida, and a community-wide focus on supporting creative and innovative entrepreneurs.  Through relationships with major universities and high-tech institutes, Pinellas has become a center for research and development in marine science, electronic instruments, medical devices, sensors, nanotechnology and health care. Draper Laboratory and SRI International have operations in Pinellas. The community’s proximity to MacDill Air Force Base allows Lockheed-Martin, Honeywell, Raytheon, GE Aviation, L3 Communications and General Dynamics to operate efficiently with a ready workforce and easy access to clients based at USSOCOM.  Pinellas County Economic Development (PCED) works with existing businesses to encourage expansion and seeks to attract new companies with high-wage careers to the community. Through investment tools, business classes, professional consulting services, trade missions to open new markets, and strategic partnerships, PCED fosters a pro-business environment and promotes the ideal business climate of Pinellas County, Florida.   Learn more at http://www.PCED.org
 For more than 15 years, Enthought has built AI solutions with science and engineering at the core. We accelerate digital transformation by enabling companies and their people to leverage the benefits of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning.

From strategy to implementation to training, our science-first approach means we understand your unique market value at the deepest level. Our unique blend of scientists and developers deliver solutions to unite your teams and their data.

*Unleash Business-Specific AI
We identify and implement vertically-integrated applications to accelerate business. At Enthought, we know how to extract business value from your data no matter the state or location - Big Data to Data Silos, no problem.

*Solve Hard Scientific Problems
We map the human genome. We simulate the polymers in your car tires. We find and extract oil. Together we develop and deploy a transparent solution with an accessible Python interface for continuous optimization and discoveries.

*Transform People to Command AI
Transform your people to command AI and even to develop it. At the deepest level, Enthought's immersion training allows them to absorb the skills to invent the future with Machine Learning and Deep Learning. 

Go faster. Discover more. Big Data & Analytics Recruitment – that's all we do.

Churchill Frank is a specialist Big Data and Analytics recruitment business from infrastructure through to front end advanced analysis. Our core focus is supplying niche based staffing solutions within the Big Data and Analytics field across multiple sectors and geographies, via our expert recruitment consultants. 

Our extensive market knowledge, combined with our dedication to Big Data and Analytical Tools has enabled us to become a leading specialist recruiter in Big Data & Data Management, Data Science & Insight, Business Intelligence, and Risk industries. Our multilingual offices in London and Singapore are staffed with experienced recruitment consultants; allowing us to provide the best global IT recruitment services to suit the needs of our clients.

We've established an exceptional reputation for delivering the very best professionals to our customers. By focusing solely on Big Data & Analytics, our consultants are genuine experts, meaning they not only fully understand the market, but have built solid relationships with the widest range of customers and specialists looking to progress their career. No other business has such a deep insight into salaries, trends, candidate availability, clients and jobs in the global marketplace, which makes us the 'go-to'​ recruitment partner for both candidates and employers. 

We always have live positions for:
•	Big Data – Data Developers / Data Engineers / Data Architects / Machine Learning Engineer
•	Data Science – Data Scientists/ Machine Learning Consultant / AI
•	SAS, BI & Analytics – Developers / Data Analysts / Customer Insight Analyst / Consultants / Project Managers / Credit Risk Analysts / Credit Risk Modellers / Data Management
 Founded in 1974, Photo Science is a geospatial solutions provider specializing in aerial acquisition (imagery & LiDAR), data collection/processing, photogrammetric mapping, mobile mapping, remote sensing, Geographic Information Systems (GIS), systems integration, and GPS surveying services. The National Snow and Ice Data Center (NSIDC) supports research into our world's frozen realms: the snow, ice, glaciers, frozen ground, and climate interactions that make up Earth's cryosphere.

NSIDC manages and distributes scientific data, creates tools for data access, supports data users, performs scientific research, and educates the public about the cryosphere.

NSIDC distributes more than 500 cryospheric data sets for researchers, from both satellite and ground observations. Visit http://nsidc.org to browse our holdings, get information, and download or order data sets.

NSIDC is part of the Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Science (CIRES) at the University of Colorado Boulder. ETS Asset Management Factory. Searching for beautiful minds.

ETS is a Factory. We create quantitative investment strategies for international institutions. That's challenging, which is why we need brilliant talent in Data Science, Machine Learning, cutting-edge technologies, communications, design, implementing financial products… Your future colleagues have it.

We don't want you to obey. We want you to think. We expect you to surprise us and we won't bore you in return. We'd love you to find a problem and get your own answer. You may think that you'll find a planned career here. We're sorry, but you won't. Instead, you'll be able to follow your own path, to reach your full potential. If you want to. We give our staff maximum freedom and maximum responsibility. And we mean it. Here you'll find an international environment, family spirit and new challenges every day. 

We don't focus on selling. Our clients find us. We dare you to help us keep building this company, that's been successfully advising many big names and has become the leading regulated financial advisory firm in Spain.   

With research and science in our DNA, we're eager to hear amazing ideas. In our almost 30 years, we've found our way to do things: well done, original. And together. Stillwater specializes in science-based, technical approaches to environmental issues. We integrate geomorphic and biological research to understand critical ecosystem processes. We use this information to identify effective measures for restoring and managing rivers and their floodplains as functioning ecosystems within the context of current conditions and future climate change. 

Stillwater works closely with our clients, including agencies, industry, and non-governmental organizations, to provide the technical information required to make scientifically sound management decisions. 

Our service areas include watershed assessment & planning, river restoration, environmental compliance, hydro project relicensing and license implementation, levees & floodplain protection, urban streams management and hydromodification, dam removal modeling and impact analysis, and GIS/data visualization. Västerås Science Park is a creative and expansive technology park located in central Sweden. Västerås has become one of Sweden's leading high-tech cities and is internationally regarded as world-leading when it comes to industrial information technology and automation.

Today, about 200 companies employing more than 1600 people are established in the Science Park in addition to the business incubator supporting new growth intensive start ups.

Mälardalen University and Science Park Västerås have experienced fantastic development, leading to growth for many small businesses and several new job opportunities. The companies at Science Park Västerås are oriented to electro, data, energy and environmental technologies, as well as the humanities/culture. All fields are reflected in primary education and in research at Mälardalen University.

New, renovated premises are continuously made available and more companies are presently establishing in Science Park Västerås. An ISO 9001:2008 Company

Canopus is a leading IT services provider for the outsourced Software Product Development on MOBILE and WEB platforms as well as Data Science & BigData Analytics Solutions. It also provides Software Quality Assurance and testing services using customized automated testing tools and frameworks.

Canopus excels in developing IoT solutions for smart cities, smart farming, smart industry, smart factory, smart healthcare, connected hospitality, connected homes, Cloud, Enterprise MDM, Data Science and Analytics solutions.

Canopus has been serving varied industry needs ranging from Telecom sector, Medical/Healthcare, Insurance, Robotics, Electronics, Automobile, Makeup/Fashion/Image processing and makeover, GPS/Location based services, Social Media, Augmented Reality, Bluetooth hardware integration/ibeacons, Point of Sales systems for Restaurants, coffee shops and many other hospitality sectors.

Our client base ranges from individual entrepreneurs, start-ups and emerging companies to established and mature organizations in various domains having wide range of technological needs. 

We pride ourselves in providing end to end services with complete commitment towards customer needs aspiring for 100% satisfaction and our involvement is guaranteed till the product is completely deployed and starts capturing real users. Our live support team also helps clients dealing with real time customers while assisting them to use their products. 

Quality is the key to everything that we build at Canopus. We serve as an extended engineering team for our clients when getting involved in developing their products, deploying for live users and testing for quality. 

All of this is possible at Canopus because of  a Strong Engineering Team, a detail oriented Research Team, a Top notch Quality Assurance Team and an Experienced and Highly Qualified Management Team to deal with all the situations when it comes to delivering an Industry Standard  Product. 10x provides companies of all shapes and sizes access to the world’s best, fully vetted, freelance technologists who help them solve everything from the most mundane to the most critical tech obstacles.

Like a Hollywood talent agency, 10x hand-picks the world's best tech professionals and manages them throughout their careers. 10x provides all the support to ensure their top performance for companies, startups, entrepreneurs and investors seeking to create leading technology products, companies and brands.

10x has built up an impressive network of the world's top performers (eg, former Google and Apple engineers, CTOs, etc.) and big companies that use them are already singing their praises (eBay, Genentech, Berkeley, others). Visit our website to see our extensive accolades and press. (www.10xManagement.com)

Check out the New Yorker's article on 10x in their recent Tech Issue: 
http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2014/11/24/programmers-price A company dedicated to finding novel solutions for aging and age-related diseases using advances in genomics and big data analysis.
Description
Our mission statement and our pledge to our investors, friends and families: 

Through excellence in knowledge management, machine learning and bioinformatics, relentless pursuit for new drug, omics and clinical outcomes data, development of reliable in silico drug screening methods, novel validation approaches and strong international partnerships in personalized medicine we strive to find real working solutions to cure and prevent age-related diseases and aging itself.

This mission will be achieved within within the regulatory frameworks as well as the legal and ethical boundaries and by working with the outstanding scientists, academic and medical institutions and pharmaceutical companies of impeccable credibility.

Our goals are:

to become the first and the largest drug discovery company in aging and age-related diseases;
to become the first company to fully implement the concept of personalized science, where medicine is developed, tested and validated for individual patients in a safe high-throughput environment;

Some of our recent publications:
Zhavoronkov A, Buzdin AA, Garazha AV, Borissov NM and Moskalev AA (2014) Signaling pathway cloud regulation for in silico screening and ranking of the potential geroprotective drugs. Front. Genet. 5:49. doi: 10.3389/fgene.2014.00049 - See more at: http://journal.frontiersin.org/Journal/10.3389/fgene.2014.00049/full#sthash.6HfgzBx9.dpuf

Buzdin AA, Zhavoronkov AA, Korzinkin MB, Venkova LS, Zenin AA, Smirnov PY and Borisov NM (2014). OncoFinder, a new method for the analysis of intracellular signaling pathway activation using transcriptomic data. Front. Genet. 5:55. doi: 10.3389/fgene.2014.00055 - See more at: http://journal.frontiersin.org/Journal/10.3389/fgene.2014.00055/full#sthash.9XPxTZ3z.dpuf BioCatch is a cybersecurity company that delivers behavioral biometrics, analyzing human-device interactions to protect users and precious data. Founded in 2011 by experts in neural science research, machine learning and cybersecurity, BioCatch is used by banks and other enterprises to reduce online fraud and protect against cyber threats, without compromising user experience. With an unparalleled patent portfolio and deployments at major companies worldwide that cover tens of millions of users to date, BioCatch has established itself as the industry leader for behavioral biometrics.  Award-winning with research and development at its core, A2iA is a science and R&D driven software company with deep roots in artificial intelligence, machine learning and neural networks. With simple, easy to use and intuitive toolkits, A2iA delivers add-on features to speed automation, simplify customer engagement and quickly capture all types of data from documents – whether captured by a desktop scanner or mobile device.

Awards and Recognitions
• KMWorld 100 Companies that Matter in Knowledge Management: 2008, 2009, 2010, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2017
• KMWorld Promise Award Finalist: 2006, 2007, 2009, 2010, 2015
• KMWorld Trend-Setting Product of the Year - A2iA DocumentReader: 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011
• Business Solutions Magazine Top 10 of 2010, 2011: A2iA DocumentReader
• ICDAR International Conference on Document Analysis & Recognition - First Place - French Handwriting Recognition: 2011
• ECM Connection ACE Award Finalist: Imaging & Capture - A2iA DocumentReader: 2010
• BankNews Innovation Award Finalist: 2010
• Business Solutions Magazine Best Channel Vendor: 2009, 2010
• ICDAR International Conference on Document Analysis & Recognition - First Place Among Corporations, Second Place Among All Participants - Arabic Recognition: 2009
• ECM Connection ACE Award Finalist: Banking & Finance - A2iA CheckReader: 2008, 2009
• KMWorld Company to Watch: 2007

Follow us on Twitter @A2iA Since our launch in October 2014, Search Party has helped define a new way of recruiting across Australia, the UK and Canada. Our recruitment marketplace has million of agency-represented professional candidate CVs empowering businesses to hire new employees faster and at substantially less cost than traditional methods. We also support recruiters in growing their businesses by giving them access to new customers at no cost, letting them utilise their entire database of candidates.

Founded in Sydney, with offices in London and Toronto, Search Party also owns JobAdvisor, the employer review site empowering SMBs to grow their employer brand while helping job seekers find companies with the perfect cultural fit. 

For more information, visit thesearchparty.com & jobadvisor.org Audience Partners is an Enterprise Advertising Management company that operates an addressable advertising platform leveraging data science, programmatic ad buying and unique first party data assets to target individuals across screens on PCs, mobile phones, tablets, and addressable TVs. 

Focused on politics/advocacy, higher education and healthcare, Audience Partners’ success has been its ability to accurately reach high value audiences on their digital devices at scale by connecting offline databases with online devices. The company’s philosophy has been to use “first party, mailing address data” as the linchpin of its online targeting.  

Advertisers, agencies and media companies have purchased 6 billion ad impressions for 2,100 clients via 10,000 campaigns since 2008.  Audience Partners’ clients consist of Presidents, Senators, Members of Congress, Governors, powerful advocacy groups, U.S. Government agencies and a growing number of the nations largest hospitals, health insurers and universities. Founded in 2008, the firm has offices in Pennsylvania and DC. HSW is an integrated earth science and engineering firm providing proactive, innovative, and cost-effective solutions for Environmental, Water Resource, and Civil/Land Development projects.  HSW has distinguished itself as a leader in the engineering and environmental industry by adhering to its philosophy of strategic, long-range, management of environmental issues.  This successful philosophy revolves around a project organizational structure that includes one of the firm’s principals to maintain strict quality assurance, effective communication, and senior leadership.  HSW has successfully applied innovative strategies to technical and regulatory issues nationwide, resulting in substantial cost and time savings.  This approach assures our clients of the best possible service and value and is a key reason that over 90% of our work comes from previous customers. Incorporated in the State of Florida, with offices located in Tampa, Orlando, Sarasota, Gainesville, and Tallahassee, Florida, HSW was founded in 1988 by three professionals with experience in earth science, environmental, and engineering disciplines. Staff members have backgrounds in engineering (civil, environmental, and chemical), geology, hydrogeology, soil physics, hydrology, hydrologic (groundwater and surface water) and solute transport modeling, chemistry, ecology, toxicology, GIS and mapping.

Check out our facebook page here:  https://www.facebook.com/pages/hswengineering Juice provide executive search & selection, permanent (Full-Time) and temporary (Contract) staffing solutions for IT & Life Science professionals. 

Juice have a vertical market resource delivery team - Specialist areas include: Oil & Gas, Retail/FMCG, Investment/Financial Management, Transport to name a few.

IT Resource Delivery and incorporating Executive Search and Selection, Retained Assignments, Dedicated Account Management.

Juice are a specialist SAP ERP resource provider:

Modules covered: 
FICO (All modules
JVA,PS,HR,PM/CS,MM,QM,IM,PP,SD,CA,IS U,EAM,BW(BI7),SEM,(BPS/BCS),CRM,SRM,APO

Juice also cover leading biotech / pharmaceutical / clinical research organisations in the following areas:

Clinical Research
Medical Affairs
Biostatistics/Statistical Programming 
Data Management
Drug Safety/Pharmacovigilance
Health Economics/Outcomes Research/Market Access/Pricing & Reimbursement
Regulatory Affairs
Sales & Marketing

Juice Resource Solutions offer regular salary surveys and market information surveys. 

We also offer psychometric testing, qualification, reference, background, finance, criminal checks, CV presentation and career mentoring.

Please take a look at our website www.juiceresourcesolutions.com for more company information and job opportunities. The Floow is a leading telematics provider delivering innovative solutions to insurers, automotive manufacturers and fleet operators worldwide. 

Our intelligent telematics solutions allow insurers to price policies fairly and accurately, help drivers improve their performance and enable auto manufacturers to design vehicles that respond to evolving needs.

We do this by combining amazing technology, excellence in data science and unique behavioural insights from social science to create rich mobility solutions from the starting point of superior driving data accumulated from billions of journey miles.

Our innovative use of the smartphone as a sensor has allowed us to collect a wealth of data from driver journeys which when analysed provide unique insights to our clients and create scores for drivers based on our scoring algorithm.

We also work with the lowest scoring drivers through our driver coaching program, FloowCoach, which was created by our team of social scientists and our research shows that if completed, it can reduce the occurrence of accidents on the road.

The Floow was founded in 2012 by CEO Aldo Monteforte, CIO Dr Sam Chapman and CTO Paul Ridgway with the mission to make mobility safer and smarter for all. Year on year growth has seen staff numbers reach 110+ and we now boast two offices, one in Detroit, USA and our custom built HQ in Sheffield, UK where the company was incorporated.

The Floow has been awarded a number of awards and accolades including:
- Queen's Enterprise Award (Innovation) for 2016
- Ptolemus Award - 1st Place in UBI Supplier Rankings for European Telematics Service Providers
- Customer Value Leadership Award from Frost & Sullivan
- Winner of Prince Michael International Road Safety Awards
- Winner of the Best Telematics Based Product at the Digital Insurance and Technology Awards
- DIAmond Award for Strategic Impact in 2017
- Winner of Red Herring 100 in 2017
- Made in Sheffield Mark

To find out more about The Floow, you can visit our website www.thefloow.com or follow us on Twitter @thefloowltd Inbox Marketer is a leading data driven marketing services company that provides actionable insights and integrated technology expertise in digital messaging. Our service processes and integrated technologies enable us to deliver reliable, scalable and rapid digital messaging campaign management. For over ten years, we've been engineered for digital. It's our guiding principle, our DNA and our ambition for our clients. We'll help you reengineer your marketing from the inside out to fully exploit the potential of digital.

We’re about science and invention. We use our inquisitive, insightful and creative nature to find and improve every aspect of your business that could be simply more effective through the smarter use of complex data, search and digital media.

We believe digitally connected people want digitally connected businesses and brands. There are huge opportunities every day for smart agile businesses. Digital media done properly and intelligently is no longer just an option…which is why we exist.

Using forensic analysis we'll rigorously and methodically guide you on this journey figuring out where digital marketing can give you a competitive advantage. We help businesses achieve results faster through digital acceleration. We help you develop future-proof strategies, help you innovate your proposition, optimise your performance across all channels and make sure you possess the digital capabilities to keep moving things forward. We believe in a pragmatic, result-driven approach and working together to get things done. Pharma Alliance International help businesses respond the wide range of challenges found in the 21st century healthcare market. We provide an excellent mix of incisive, innovative consultancy and business solutions. We have experience of, and focus on, the life science sector, biopharmaceuticals & the healthcare industry.

We provide biopharmaceutical experience, industrial knowledge, analytical services & solutions. Our strategic review process, blockbuster manufacturing, benchmarking methodology and TOPtier(tm) database provide a powerful engagement point for business improvement.  Our focus on inherent supply chain and manufacturing data provides an opportunity to develop insightful solutions around demand management, planning, manufacturing performance and distribution. Solution Stone International Consulting Inc. (SSICI) is a new C-Corporation founded in the beautiful Southern California city Irvine. It is designed and created to provide strategically pivotal services to businesses and industries around the world who need deal with new challenges and opportunities arising from the fast developing knowledge-based economy and globalization every day.

SSICI has a broad range of business interests. Besides the traditional strong suits in consulting services for Education, Science, and Technology, SSICI also presents a featured service for "Supply Chain Optimization Solutions" (SCOS) to global business community. Particularly in the Consumer Electronics and Stuffed Toys & Animals industries, SSICI provides the top-class SCOS services worldwide, and is constantly looking for long-term partnerships with the leading enterprises in these industries. SSICI's current SCOS services cover products such as Stuffed Toy/Animal, Portable Power Bank, Computer Accessory, Bamboo-made Keyboard/Mouse, Electronic Cigarette, and Digital Photo Frame.

Today, probably every one has been convinced that China's unprecedented economic and social development presents an unprecedented business opportunity for global business and industry communities. But SSICI has specific interests in strategically important markets for China's future, such as Education, Environment, Energy, and Innovation. If you share the same interests, please don't hesitate to start communicating with SSICI. You may find the best partner for your Chinese business venture. The Department of Industrial and Systems Engineering (I&SE) was established in 1973 as Industrial Management Centre. It was later elevated to a full-fledged department in the year 1983. The department, for the last three decades, has been instrumental in imparting training and extending frontiers of knowledge in the field of Industrial Engineering and Management through its well established undergraduate, post graduate and research programs, sponsored projects and industrial consultancy work, short term courses and continuing education programs. 

The department, in the last four decades, has been instrumental in imparting training and extending frontiers of knowledge in the field of Industrial and Systems Engineering through its well established undergraduate, postgraduate and PhD programs. These include 
(i) B.Tech in Industrial Engineering, 
(ii) Dual Degree - B.Tech. in Industrial Engineering and M.Tech in Industrial Engineering and Management, 
(iii) Dual Degree - Quality Engineering Design and Manufacturing, 
(iv) Dual Degree - B.Tech in Mfg. Science & Engg. and M.Tech in Industrial Engineering and Management, and 
(v) M.Tech in Industrial Engineering and Management. 

The department is well known across the nation for its excellent teaching,research and consultancy potential in the areas of 
(i) Logistics and supply chain management, 
(ii) Optimization and simulation of work systems, 
(iii) Decision support systems, 
(iv) Analytics and data sciences, 
(v) Ergonomics, human factors and safety engineering, 
(vi) Safety analytics and accident modelling using virtual reality 
(vii) Quality engineering, 
(viii) E-business, 
(ix) Product development, 
(x) Process excellence, and 
(xi) Healthcare systems. OSA Hybrid Platform is the provider of AI-based proactive scalable service for the FMCG sector, ensuring on-shelf availability of goods in retail stores in the real-time and in optimum quantity. We are creating value for supplier and retailer working in collaboration, for the ultimate benefit of the shopper.

OSA HP brings value through:
- Increased turnover
- Optimized costs
- Reduced waste
- Higher shopper loyalty and satisfaction.

Our applicable artificial intelligence engine processes huge data volumes from nearly 100 various sources. High accuracy of real-time out-of-shelf detection is achieved through synergy of:
- Big data collection
- Real-time processing
- Advanced machine learning models
- Best-in-class image recognition platform
- Deep expertise in FMCG-retail business and processes.

We are an agile flat structure company with offices in Tallinn (Estonia), Moscow (Russia), Kyiv (Ukraine) and New York (USA). OSA HP team consists of 45 full-time employees and a number of associates telecommuting, and boasts a unique set of competencies in the business domain, data science and IT. We are working in cross-functional scrum teams building the product iteratively and incrementally constantly receiving feedback from end users. Medair is a GDP-compliant carrier that provides Life Science Transport Solutions to the Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology industries, Contract Research Organizations, Clinical Trial Supply companies and Academic and Government organizations. 

We specialize in the handling of active, semi-active and passive shipping systems ensuring stability regardless of the ambient temperature and use only the most advanced materials available with a full range of validated packaging options and temperature data loggers.
 
Every Medair shipment is individually handled, routed and monitored through to an exact timed delivery, virtually anywhere in the world. Our established capabilities in major marketplaces throughout the world allow us to focus on ensuring that your shipment is moved both quickly and efficiently, arriving in perfect condition. The Alward Institute for Collaborative Science is a 501(c)(3) non-profit economic research and education corporation with a mission to undertake cooperative big data analysis and teaching focused on problems in regional science. We are a spin-off of IMPLAN Group Research & Development and bring to this effort a team of experienced regional scientists and twenty years of IMPLAN social accounting data for all US counties and ZIP Code areas. Through grants, donations, and research contracts and with partners in business, government and academia, we seek to work the IMPLAN database into open-source applications with special attention to the following broad areas: 

 - calibrated CGE models for all US counties, 

 - improved economic impact/contribution analysis, and 

 - customized applications/visualizations for regional science analytics, including:

          - regional competative advantage, 
          - regional skill endowments, 
          - economic consequences of natural hazards, 
          - integrated transporation, land use, and economic development systems, 
          - risk propagation through supply chain networks, etc.


Our mission is to:

1. Collaborate in research and teaching with colleagues in business, government and academia on challenging problems in regional science.

2. Build capacity in regional science with partner institutions through collaborative learning.

3. Promote the adoption and use of social accounts as a framework for organizing social and economic information.

4. Enhance access to advanced computational and analytical methods and information in regional science using an open-source approach.


Contact Info:

If you are interested in collaborating with us through grants, donations, research partnerships or education curricula, please contact us at:

ALWARD INSTITUTE FOR COLLABORATIVE SCIENCE
Gregory S. Alward, Chairman & CEO

Phone: 970.217.3942
Email: Greg.Alward@AlwardInstitute.org MIO GROUP is a professional agrochemical manufacturer, which integrates R&D, synthesizing and formulation of agrochemicals. We are holding four production bases: three technical production bases and one formulation base. 

Every year we produce 4,000 metric tons technical grade Tebuconazole, 800 metric tons technical grade Flutriafol, 300 metric tons technical grade Cyproconazole, 300 metric tons technical grade Pyriproxyfen, 30,000 metric tons technical grade Acetochlor and 1,800 metric tons technical grade Metazachlor. We have established long-term business cooperation with several multinational companies.

We have established a joint R&D centre with East China University of Science and Technology, which is professional in developing and improving synthesis of technology and new recipes.

We have profound experience in recipe development and production experience in formulated products, such as SC, CS, ME, WDG, DF, FS, OD.

We place great emphasis on registration support all the time and invest continuously to expand our GLP data portfolio. We support registration to overseas customers with all endeavors. 

MIO organize systematic supply chain network with many qualified suppliers so as to provide complete products portfolio, which highly meet our customer requirements for all kinds of agrochemical products. ﻿Americas Quantum Scientific LLC provides advanced business solutions for a global transformation, MRO, additive and highly regulated manufacturing industries. The company was founded in 2014 to explode and expand the potential of technology, new materials, cybersecurity, robotics, automation, data science, AI, R&D and advisory services in these areas; servicing the United States and Las Americas region with the ultimate goal of enabling the economic development, protection of natural resources and maximizing the profitability of businesses.

Operating with the highest ethical standards, AQST takes very seriously our position and the needs of our clients.   We offer a distinctive, collaborative culture that transcends organizational and regional boundaries. Our approach is down to earth and has the passion, discipline and knowledge for doing innovative client work protecting their most valuable competitive advantage; privacy. We always seek to deliver effective customized solutions for immediate impact and transformation; develop new opportunities and fast growing for our clients and the global market. Advanced Metadata: Data Fully Understood

Advanced Metadata is a Data Science Company. We aspire to be data science and technology innovators. We partner with best-in-class technology companies, academic and research institutions, content subject matter experts and professional consulting organisations to ensure that we provide our customers with holistic solutions, customised and optimised for their unique needs.


Leveraging 20 years of experience in data science and information management, we provide clients with a complete view of their data supply chain. We provide holistic solutions, products and services to our clients, working with both structured and unstructured data.
Our goal is to ensure that our clients’ data is fully understood.

Our process includes 3 distinct phases:
• Data Landscaping
• Data Quality
• Data Analytics

Every organisation has an existing data landscape and an existing set of systems and structures that govern their data, their management philosophy and their company strategy. At Advanced Metadata, we have a unique approach to how we harvest data using connectors to a client’s existing applications, tools and data sets.

We differentiate ourselves by utilising the benefits of machine learning and a deep learning approach to Data Landscaping. Following our seamless data landscape integration, and in conjunction with our technology partners, we apply a best in class approach to Data Quality. 
We execute rules based on the client’s use cases to achieve a high level of data classification and data categorisation, presenting a dependable master data set upon which informed business decisions can be made.

Ultimately, our goal is to provide our clients with insights and wisdom about their existing and ever-growing data estate. We use our Data Analytics approach and custom suite of tools to allow our clients to analyse and make informed business decisions based on their individual requirements. WE ARE THE LARGEST AGGREGATOR IN THE MARKET! 

TruxApp is a technology enabled logistics startup, re-defining the road freight transport landscape. It has an asset light, B2B model, which uses cutting-edge technology to aggregate demand & supply. This makes business reliable, efficient & economical. It operates a suite of apps that address the existing problems in the logistic space and makes it more automated and data driven. Pushing boundaries and creating the next generation of transportation data science.

Website
http://www.truxapp.com/ae

Phone No
+ 971 4 884 65 36

Industry
Technology enabled Logistics and Supply Chain
 
Founded
GCC    - 2017 
INDIA - 2015 KreweTEk Data Services, LLC is focused on training business executives, entrepreneurs, and data lovers all about data analytics. This e-school and consultation firm showcases step-by-step guides to cleaning data and using it to determine best business practices. Our clients learn how to use industry software to ease business decisions. With technology vastly being centralized in business operations, get your certification today and change the way YOUR business make decisions.

What we offer...

Consultation
Data Certification
Data Training
Software Training
E-Training and more!

and...

we can even serve as your business chief data analyst. If you are too busy to crunch the numbers, just send it to us and we will have it prepared for you in no time.  

Good Data = Great Profit. (period)
 InferSystems is a rapidly growing provider of automated predictive intelligence solutions, focused on the digital advertising market and particularly the real-time bidding space.  We are a mathematical science company, providing enterprise software for data analytics.  Based on proprietary, patent-pending, mathematical innovations, our flagship product, the Infer Engine™, can be deployed behind a firewall in a client's data center or cloud, as a service, or on a desktop and deliver unique insights into behaviour and activities while protecting our clients’ data integrity.  The Infer Engine™ can work across the entire digital media supply chain.  In real marketing campaigns, our technology has delivered unprecedented business results, dramatically improving performance along with major reductions in media costs.  We can optimize media buys without cookie data and can optimize difficult channels like mobile because our math can find hidden signals in any type of data.  We currently count several leading advertisers, ad agencies, DSPs, ad exchanges and publishers as reference clients.  Founded in 2009, InferSystems is headquartered in Toronto, Ontario with a US sales office in New York, NY. IQBlade is a B2B Intelligence Platform which helps clients thrive in today's ultra-competitive markets. 

Using analytics and data science to process huge amounts of data, we are helping Tech Companies and Local Government to  map supply chains and get instant insight into the most effective routes to market.

We also increase productivity by automating account based research, enabling sales & marketing organisations to quickly pinpoint and engage "best fit" prospects.  We are excited to announce our name has changed to Acumen Analytics!

A WBE certified woman owned performance management and analytics consulting firm that works with Fortune 1000 businesses optimizing their performance to create competitive advantage through data driven insights and predictions.

Acumen Analytics helps organizations combine information technology, best practices, benchmarking, KPI's, standardization, organization and measurement with the right people, process and tools in the areas of Human Capital Management, Project Management Analytics, IT Strategic Planning, Finance, and Operational processes. Acumen Analytics' associates have significant sector specific expertise in the life sciences, higher education, healthcare and construction industries, with emerging expertise in sports analytics.

Acumen Analytics has successfully helped enterprises and institutions leverage their information as a strategic asset to create competitive advantage since 2004. 
 
Simply put, Acumen Analytics empowers our clients with data-driven insights to help them become high-performing businesses. We are Data Scientists, Designers, and Technologists working together to craft the #supplychain of tomorrow.

JDA Labs is part of JDA Software:  https://jda.com/

 Revive Analytics Pvt. Ltd. is emerging and fast growing company in Data Science, Analytics,Big Data, Cloud Computing, Artificial intelligence,and Internet of Things (IOT) arena. 
Our aim to solve basic life challenges through these technology and to make technology available to common man for their better life.
Our vision to turn hidden raw data to solve basic life Challenges that will guide and shape our future by enabling us to make timely and reliable decisions for critical discoveries.

Business Streams- 
1.Product research and development 
2.Provide Services in software life cycle.
3.Provide Training & Consulting


Specialties & Expertise lies in below area

Artificial intelligence
Internet of Things
Big Data - 
Hadoop ecosystem such as Pige,Hive,Hbase etc,
NoSQl, NewSQL ,MangoDB,Casandra,Dynamodb,MapReduce, Big Table

Data Sciences & Decision Sciences -
Data Analysis,wragling, and Scraping
R,Python,Ruby on Rail

Cloud computing- 
Azure,AWS,Google Big Query

Business Intelligence-
SAP Business Object(BO),SSRS,Cognos, OBIEE,Oracle reports
SSIS,Datastage,Informatica,ODI,SSAS,Cube,MDX
Tableau,Qlikview,MicroStateg,SAS,Power BI

Analytics-
Risk Analytics, Retail Analytics, Marketing Analytics, Supply Chain Analytics,CIO Analytics

Data Integration, Data Migration, Data Visualization, Data Management, Sentiment Analysis, Polarity Classifications

Other -
Website Development
App Development
SQL,MySQL,Oracle,MDM
Unix,Linux,Solaris,Ubuntu,Windows,PowerShell,PHP,Perl,Java
Vertica, Matlab

Digital Marketing The Office of Research, Doctoral Programs, and Strategic Initiatives operates to enhance the reputation and impact of the Fox School of Business at Temple University as a global leader in research, doctoral education, industry outreach, and community engagement. Our goal is to better serve our stakeholders, including students, faculty, academia, industry, state and federal government, the people of Pennsylvania, and society in general.

By providing direction, leadership, and support to the agenda of the Fox School and the School of Tourism and Hospitality Management, the Office of Research, Doctoral Programs, and Strategic Initiatives promotes the research interests of faculty members, encourages PhD and DBA student research across multiple disciplines, and encourages application for sponsored projects and research.  Our Mission: 
IDENTIFICA is dedicated to the management and distribution of accurate and reliable data throughout the product lifecycle to ensure cohesive processes between industry and regulators globally.  
 "It's All About the Data"​

IDENTIFICA is a data mangement IT solutions practice with a wealth of knowledge and experience in regulatory science and international data standards (e.g. ISO IDMP, ICSR, HL7-SPL, Labeling, Drug Supply Chain, Unique Device Identification (UDI, FDA, EMA SPOR).  

Services include:
-Global Product Lifecycle Data Management (G-PLDM™) Services 
-Structured Product Labeling Submission Services
-Data Remediation and Conversion Services
-Business Process and Solution Management
-Interoperability between functional areas and in-country affiliate management

About our Solution:
ID Lifecycle Powered by Pragmatic Data is a robust Global Product Lifecycle Data Management (G-PLDM ™) Solution.  Intelligent by design, “ID” is purposefully built for validation, versioning, and management of all types of data and formats (i.e. structured and unstructured) utilizing robust rules per internal business rules and international regulatory requirements. 
Intelligence by Design SDT  is a software R&D company situated next to the best university campuses, creating solutions and products for defence, aerospace and civil industries.

Our specialism in commercial and military aircraft, aeroplanes and helicopters is backed by our technological expertise. MRO, upgrade, modification and life cycle support for the complete value chain of aircraft, aircraft components, engines, missiles, helicopters and systems as well as software application, simulators and self-protection solutions are among our core competences.

We apply science, technology and information to solve grand challenge problems in the areas of defence, space and their extensions.

With its engineering expertise, it is involved in every stage of the value chain. It also manages the entire supply chain, including logistics, transport, final assembly, testing, pre-final assembly line (FAL), industrial support, maintenance, overhaul and reconditioning .

Our customs services include:

Aerostructures, equipment, systems, aircraft and customs engineering. Organisation of standard, specialised and exceptional transport; management of regulatory obligations for international transit; management of licences for the transport of sensitive equipment.

We strive to be the best-of-breed provider of commercially developed, systems, software and services for critical commercial, defense and intelligence applications. We deliver innovative solutions, rapid time-to-value and world-class service and support to our prime contractor customers, and government subsidiaries.
Specialties

Simulation, Air Data Navigation, Military Communication Procotols, Embedded Software Design Development Nova Silva is a young company founded by a number of Management Information veterans with decades of experience in this field. They decided to combine their expertise in IT and management science to support customers in nurturing and growing their business. They do this by making Management Information available, accessible and actionable.
Our “Management Dashboard on demand” allows you to focus on growing and nurturing your business, while we will focus on making your Management Information available, accessible and actionable. We do this by collecting the appropriate data from your systems (like the ERP and CRM systems), and integrate and process this at our Nova Silva data centre. You will have your own personalised and secured Management Dashboard to access your information, whenever you need it. Pyze lets brands and enterprises maximize user retention through AI based engagement and personalization across digital platforms. The Pyze platform provides marketing and product teams with cross-platform user behavior analytics and automated segmentation to deliver hyper-relevant omnichannel campaigns and content personalization.

Pyze helps digital publishers solve their biggest challenge - long-term user retention. We've developed the first of its kind Machine Learning based customer intelligence and marketing platform to automate analysis, engagement, and personalization.

Pyze has been recognized by leading technology research firms (Gartner and Forrester) and press as the leader in Marketing Automation, Behavioral Analytics, Marketing and Engagement Automation Solutions.
 Benton Search Associates is a boutique firm, in business for over 20 years focusing solely on placement within Big Data/Data Science/Analytics - Statisticians/Econometricians, Data Scientists, Software Engineers, Financial/Healthcare Analysts, SAS®/SPSS® Programmers and Consumer Research/Insight Professionals at all levels of staffing nationally.  

We are relationship driven. BSA strives to develop sustainable relationships based on mutual trust, responsiveness and accountability. In fact, we believe that one of our greatest assets is our ability to "deliver big"​ and "act small."​ LabAnswer is the leading and largest laboratory informatics consultancy; combining science, laboratory, regulatory and information technologies. We have the people, processes, methodologies, IP and experience to deliver comprehensive laboratory informatics solutions. 

LabAnswer has architected, implemented, deployed and/or supported hundreds of major scientific informatics systems across more than a thousand laboratories. LabAnswer performs significant laboratory automation work in pharmaceuticals, bio-pharmaceuticals, medical devices, forensics, and life sciences research laboratories spanning research, development and manufacturing/QC operations.  

The LabAnswer team has a rare combination of laboratory science, IT, business and regulatory expertise. We specialize in helping companies strategize, architect, implement and support scientific data management and laboratory automation projects. 
 
LABANSWER IS HIRING!!! We hire full time consultants in all areas of Laboratory Informatics. To learn more about a career at LabAnswer please contact Donna Delrieu at donna.delrieu@labanswer.com. Selling is hard. Clari makes it easier. 

As a team, we’re obsessed with creating software that sales people love to use. We apply Artificial Intelligence (AI) to solve some of the biggest challenges they face in navigating the critical Opportunity-to-Close (OTC) process. We know sales and obsess over how to apply data science and prescriptive insights to make sales teams more productive and successful. 

Our mission is to set our customers up for tremendous success by transforming the way they sell, make decisions, and grow. Here’s how:

Reinventing the Opportunity-to-Close Process

Very few sales teams have an easy time calling the number or predictably hitting it. Somewhere between identifying a solid prospect and getting them to sign, the end-to-end sales motion is stalling out. 

That weak link is the set of processes that needs to take place to successfully close a deal from the moment sales accepts qualified opportunities into pipe. Better sales execution and more predictable sales outcomes depend on getting a handle on your OTC process which involves revisiting: 

- How your reps manage your deals from the moment they enter pipeline
- How your managers inspect your pipeline
- How your sales leaders approach the forecast

In short, the single largest opportunity for sales organizations to transform their effectiveness lies in how they execute the critical OTC process.

Selling is Easy with Data Science on Your Side

Industry leading companies like Box, Juniper Networks, Symantec, Palo Alto Networks, and Hewlett Packard Enterprise use Clari to drive forecast accuracy and show their sales teams where to focus to close more business, faster. Powered by AI, the Clari platform gives execs confidence in the forecast, makes sales managers better coaches, and puts sales reps in position to crush their numbers every quarter. RapidMiner. Real Data Science, Fast and Simple.

RapidMiner builds software for real data science, fast and simple. We make data science teams more productive through a single platform that unifies data prep, machine learning, and model deployment. More than 300,000 users in over 150 countries use RapidMiner products to acquire more customers, reduce financial risk, and increase operational performance.

For more information, visit www.rapidminer.com. Founded in 2009 and headquartered in Ann Arbor, MI, TEKWISSEN ® provides a unique portfolio of innovative capabilities that seamlessly combines clients insights, strategy, design, software engineering and systems integration. Our tightly integrated offerings are tailored to each client’s requirements and span the services spectrum from Application Development/Maintenance, testing, Technology Consulting & staffing. The company is primarily focused on information technology, engineering, healthcare, financial technology and contingent workforce solutions. It operates in seven business segments including Commercial, Professional & Technical, EMEA Commercial, and EMEA Professional & Technical. The company provides professional and technical expertise in the fields of Telecom, Education, Banking, Retail, e-commerce, Automotive, Life Science, Insurance, legal, healthcare, among others. It also offers outsourcing, consulting, recruitment, career transition, and vendor management services.  

We strongly believe: 

"​ If something cannot be measured, it cannot be managed. "​ 

TEKWISSEN® measures all of these processes and applies corrective interventions to manage the quality process at its core. 

We are an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer M/F/V/D

Recognitions
2016 America’s Fastest Growing Company by Inc.com
2015 America’s Fastest Growing Company by Inc.com
2015- SPARK FastTrack Award from Ann Arbor SPARK 
2015 Honoree of Diversity Focused Company by Corp! Magazine
2014 America’s Fastest Growing Company by Inc.com
2014- Michigan 50 Companies to Watch
2014 – DiSciTech Award in Technology by Corp! Magazine
2014- DiSciTech TECHNOLOGY Company of the year by Corp! Magazine
2014- SPARK FastTrack Award from Ann Arbor SPARK As we are now a LexisNexis company, please follow us on our page at LexisNexis Risk Solutions, https://www.linkedin.com/company/lexisnexis-risk-solutions TekVizor is the bridge that connects top technology talent with the most cutting edge companies.  We utilize a 360 approach that allows us to engage our clients and candidates throughout the recruiting lifecycle, making for a seamless and successful experience. 

Areas of technology recruiting

Data Science & Analytics
•	Machine Learning
•	Advanced Analytics
•	Business Intelligence
•	Data Engineering
•	Deep Learning
•	Quantitative Modeling

Cloud Solutions & Infrastructure
•	Big Data
•	Cloud Computing
•	DevOps
•	Cyber Security
•	Linux Administration
•	Database Administration

Software Engineering & Digital Analytics
•	Full Stack Development
•	Product Management
•	Marketing Analytics
•	Digital Advertising
•	Mobile Development
•	Application Development

Services: 
•	Contingent recruiting 
•	Contract hiring 
•	Retained search 
  Cogito enhances the emotional intelligence of phone professionals by applying behavioral science through artificial intelligence and machine learning. Cogito’s software evaluates hundreds of behavioral signals through voice to provide live conversation coaching for agents and a real-time measure of customer experience for every call.  

Cogito is helping the world’s most successful enterprises improve sales results, deliver amazing customer experiences, and enhance quality of care. Backed by OpenView Ventures, Romulus Capital and Salesforce Ventures, Cogito is headquartered in Boston, MA.

At Cogito, we are united through the common goals of producing innovative technology, driving customer success, and helping people live more productive lives. General Assembly is a pioneer in education and career transformation, specializing in today’s most in-demand skills. As the leading source for training, staffing, and career transitions, we foster a flourishing community of professionals pursuing careers they love.

What began as a co-working space in 2011 has since grown into a global learning experience with campuses in 20 cities and over 40,000 graduates worldwide.

As individuals and companies struggle to compete in an increasingly technological economy, General Assembly provides award-winning, dynamic training to close the global skills gap. With offices in Atlanta, Birmingham and Austin, Luckie is a one-of-a-kind marketing agency that specializes in the human experience. We’re continuously focused on helping brands build stronger and deeper lasting relationships with their customers.

We use behavioral and data science to develop powerful insights that inform and inspire the stories we craft. Then, with a combination of content marketing, CRM, traditional and digital media and award-winning creative, we help brands find innovative ways to own the customer journey every step of the way –from discovery to consideration to trial to commitment to advocacy. 

These are a few of the many great clients we’re happy to partner with today as we help them get closer to their customers and make the most of their marketing dollars: GlaxoSmithKline, Regions Bank, Piedmont Hospital, Grandview Medical Center, Marriott, Little Debbie, Drake’s, Brown-Forman, Express Oil Change,Alabama Power and Williamsburg, Va.

To learn more about our marriage of science and creativity,or just to connect with one of our super-talented Luckie humans, check us out at luckie.com. WHERE DATA EXPERTISE MEETS CLINICAL EXCELLENCE

As a global CRO, CROS NT empowers clinical trial outcomes with data-driven services and solutions. 

From feasibility to clinical study reporting, CROS NT's services cover regulatory consultancy, biometrics and data science (data management, biostatistics programming & analysis), pharmacovigilance and medical writing. 

Our technology portfolio includes clinical analytics solutions and data visualization tools, EDC, eCOA and integrated platforms as well as data anonymization tools. 

CROS NT is a CDISC Gold Member, ISO 9001:2015 certified for our Quality Management System and ISO 27001:2014 certified for our IT systems and processes. We help our customers collect, structure, and understand their data. 

Our products and services are tailored to help your business more effectively leverage data and enable you to achieve your goals. We harness decades of domain expertise, skillfully crafted technology, and world-class support to provide exceptional value to our clients. Bracket, with nine offices and more than 700 employees worldwide, is a clinical trial technology and specialty services provider dedicated to helping bio-pharmaceutical sponsors and contract research organizations increase the power of their clinical research data by leveraging core competencies in Science, Technology, and Service. Bracket eCOA™ is a flexible platform for electronic clinical outcomes assessments. Bracket RTSM™ is a best-in-breed, scalable and configurable clinical IRT solution for the life sciences industry. Bracket SmartSupplies™ is a proven platform for improving a clinical supply chain. Bracket Rater Training and Quality Assurance improve outcomes through customized training and quality assurance programs. Every day hundreds of companies & organizations rely on WebbMason to execute their marketing strategies. Our growth is based on these long term customer relationships and the customers who, over our 28 years in business, continue to ask us to extend their relationships to tackle more of their marketing challenges. Everything we do works to achieve a better business outcome for our customers. We use every marketing tool. 

Today we are a full-service marketing provider with 22 offices and over 300 employees. We are fully independent and are accountable only to you. DataKind™ harnesses the power of data science in the service of humanity. We engage data science and social sector experts on projects addressing critical humanitarian problems and lead the conversation about how data science can be applied to solve the world’s biggest challenges. Launched in 2011, DataKind is headquartered in New York City and has Chapters in Bangalore, San Francisco, Singapore, the UK and Washington DC. More information on DataKind, our programs and our partners can be found on our website: www.datakind.org Business & Decision, a global consulting and systems integration (CSI) Group, is a leader in Business Intelligence (BI) and CRM, and a major player in e-Business. We leverage a unique combination of technical, functional and industry specialization, as well as partnerships with all of the key software vendors, to deliver maximum-value projects and help clients break through barriers to innovation such as Big Data and digital transformation. Business & Decision operates in 12 countries and employs over 2,500 people in France and worldwide. More information: www.businessdecision.com Management Solutions is a leading provider of business consulting services. We operate from 24 offices, 11 of them located in Europe –Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao, London, Frankfurt, Paris, Warsaw, Zürich, Milan, Rome, Lisbon-, 12 in the Americas – New York, Boston, Atlanta, Birmingham, San Juan de Puerto Rico, Mexico City, Medellín, Bogota, São Paulo, Lima, Santiago de Chile, Buenos Aires – and 1 in Asia – Beijing-, with a multidisciplinary team of around 2,000 professionals with functional, mathematical, technical and other profiles.

We conduct projects on strategy, organization, operational efficiency and processes, risk management and control, and related technology, mainly in the financial services, energy and telecommunications industries. BBN Times is the fastest rising Media Tech company. We connect Influencers, CEOs, LinkedIn Top Voices and International best sellers with readers. Get the latest articles and analyses from all around the world. Be informed, inspired, educated and entertained with our quality content.  Read the latest headlines at a glance and browse articles with complete ease.

Articles with unique content:
•	Finance by Bankers
•	Companies by Managing Directors
•	Science by Scientists
•	Technology by Engineers
•	Environment by Environmentalists
•	Global Economy by Economists
•	Society by Activists
•	Politics by Politicians

A captivating media experience:
•	Explore a huge selection of topics from leading influencers, top CEOs and decisions makers
•	Access to the latest daily content from our Gurus across the breadth of BBN Times including regular updates
•	Get the news and analyses that interest you – like finance, companies, science, technology, environment and more
•	Share articles on all of your favourite social platforms 

Alone we are weak, together we are much stronger. For more information: www.bbntimes.com LONDON | HONG KONG | SYDNEY | MELBOURNE | SINGAPORE | NEW YORK

NAKAMA (NA-KA-MA) | The translation from Japanese centres around colleagues, a circle of friends, partners and associates.

NAKAMA provides permanent, temporary and contract recruitment services to corporations, creative agencies, SMEs AND start-ups in need of digital talent. We connect candidates with employers across a raft of digital, technology and creative opportunities. It's an exciting, yet complex space to be - with traditional roles always evolving across an increasing number of micro-specialisations. It's an environment that demands a recruitment firm that fully understands the current and future digital landscapes.

MISSION:  To become synonymous with digital opportunity.

VISION: To play our part in the digital revolution through expert placement.

CLIENT SERVICES - DATA & ANALYTICS - DIGITAL INNOVATION & TRANSFORMATION - TECHNOLOGY & DESIGN
 The nano-electronics research center, imec, and the digital research and incubation center, iMInds, have been merged into a unique high-tech R&D hub under the brand name imec.

imec is the world-leading research and innovation hub in nanoelectronics and digital technologies. The combination of our widely acclaimed leadership in microchip technology and profound software and ICT expertise is what makes us unique. By leveraging our world-class infrastructure and local and global ecosystem of partners across a multitude of industries, we create groundbreaking innovation in application domains such as healthcare, smart cities and mobility, logistics and manufacturing, and energy.

As a trusted partner for companies, start-ups and academia we bring together brilliant minds from all over the world in a creative and stimulating environment.

By leveraging our world-class infrastructure and local and global ecosystem of diverse expert partners across a multitude of industries, we accelerate progress towards a connected, sustainable future. VODW is a strategic marketing consultancy firm. With 100+ employees, consultants and interim marketing professionals, VODW occupies a leading international position in marketing. 

We work with clients to address the issues relating to their market strategy, helping them to implement solutions and performing marketing management functions on an interim or project basis. CBIG Consulting provides Business Intelligence, Big Data Analytics, and Data Warehouse consulting services. We deliver a full spectrum of data-centric initiatives: Marketing Analytics, Data Monetization, Predictive Analytics, Competitive Intelligence, Operational Analytics, Cloud Analytics, Dashboards and Reporting, Data Warehouses, Data Integration, Data Science, Master Data Management, Data Governance. This includes Strategy, Planning, Roadmaps, Assessments, Architecture, Deployment, Managed Services.

2017 Honors & Awards:
 - Forbes: CBIG one of “America’s Best Management Consulting Firms: Data Analytics & Big Data”
 - The Silicon Review: CBIG among the “50 Best Workplaces of the Year”
 - Insights Success: CBIG one of the “50 Most Valuable Tech Companies”
 - CIO Review: CBIG among the “Top 20 Most Promising Data Analytics Solution Providers”
 - Technology Headlines: CBIG named a “Top 20 Big Data Solution Provider”

2016 Honors & Awards:
 - Forbes: CBIG one of “America’s Best Management Consulting Firms: Data Analytics & Big Data”
 - ALM Intelligence: CBIG among the “Top Analytics Enablement Companies”
 - ALM Intelligence: CBIG one of the “Top Data Management Companies”
 - APAC CIO Outlook: CBIG among the “25 Most Promising Business Intelligence Solution Providers”
 - The Silicon Review: CBIG one of the “Top 10 Fastest Growing Data Analytics Companies”

2015 Honors & Awards:
 - Clutch Research: CBIG a “Top IT Services Firm in Chicago”
 - CIO Story: CBIG "One of 50 Most Powerful Big Data Vendors"​ 
 - CIO Review: CBIG one of the “100 Most Promising Big Data Companies”
 - Insights Success: CBIG one of "20 Most Valuable IT Services Companies"​
 - Great Agencies: CBIG Consulting the "​#1 Big Data Analytics and BI Company”
 - Outsourcing Gazette: CBIG a "Top 25 Most Promising Big Data Outsourcing Vendor”  The European Spallation Source (ESS) is a European Research Infrastructure Consortium (ERIC), a multi-disciplinary research facility based on the world’s most powerful neutron source. The unique capabilities of this new facility will both greatly exceed and complement those of today's leading neutron sources, enabling new opportunities for researchers across the spectrum of scientific discovery, including life sciences, energy, environmental technology, cultural heritage and fundamental physics.

Advanced research requires advanced tools. Improved visualization techniques enable researchers to observe our world and universe better. From the very large to the very small, when science moves forward, it is often due to breakthrough improvements in the tools available for scientific experiments.
 
The Hubble Telescope, Voyager 2, and the Very Large Array allow us to directly and indirectly investigate the distant places and hidden elements of our universe. In the same way, a neutron source and its instruments enable scientists to see and understand basic atomic structures and forces. It can be compared with a giant microscope for the study of different materials – from plastics and pharmaceuticals, to engines, protiens, molecules and nanotechnology. ESS is a significant step forward in the science of everyday life.
 
The European Spallation Source is one of the largest science and technology infrastructure projects being built today. The facility design and construction includes the most powerful linear proton accelerator ever built, a 4-tonne, helium-cooled tungsten target wheel, 22 state-of-the-art neutron instruments, a suite of laboratories, and a supercomputing data management and software development center. In the context of its history and future as a scientific organisation, however, it is more than the sum of its parts. It is a brand new organisation, being built from the ground up.
 
Europe’s need for an advanced, high-power neutron facility was articulated 20 years ago. The European Spallation Source is a pan-European project with several European nations as members and Sweden and Denmark as host nations. The ESS facility is being built in Lund, while the ESS Data Management and Software Centre is located in Copenhagen. Around two to three thousand guest researchers will carry out experiments at ESS each year. Most of the users will be based at European universities and institutes, others within industry.
 
 We are Saragossa.  

Providers of talent to the Financial Technology, Financial Operations and Data Science sectors.

Our role is to match clients with high calibre candidates, our work encompasses filling temporary contracts along with building permanent teams and resourcing projects. tringapps, Inc. started as a mobile first, cloud first full stack turnkey software design and development company. Since it's inception in 2007, tringapps has served numerous Fortune 500 customers like Apple, Barclays, Time Inc, HBO, NBC, CNBC, Bloomberg, and Disney to name a few. 

With offices and development centers in New York, New Jersey, California, New Delhi and Chennai, tringapps is a premier Google and Nvidia partner for Artificial Intelligence solutions. 

Unlike other consulting firms, tringapps has developed numerous point solutions across verticals that help the company design and develop high quality scalable consumer and enterprise solutions rapidly. 

With AI, once again tringapps is leading the pack as a thought leader with a mission to AI enable every website on our planet. 

If you are a technologist, futurist, data scientist, AI expert or a hard core techie who is simply bored of mundane software development, then come join us. Together we will change the world for good, one AI enabled Website at a time.  Welcome to DeZyre.com's home on LinkedIn! Follow us for regular updates on job-skills, career development, interview tips, free webinars and more. We pride ourselves for providing inspiration to your career. 

Who we are and what we do...

We strive to provide the best training in the Industry for IT skills. Our training courses include Big Data and Hadoop, Apache Spark, Data Science in Python, Data Science in R programming, Salesforce, Hadoop Administration, iOS App Development, NoSQL Databases, Front-end Web Development and Advanced MS Excel with VBA, Macros and Dashboards. 

Our aim is to bring world class faculty and an intense, comprehensive and detailed content together, to provide the best quality training for job relevant courses. 

We would love to hear from you. 

Please call us at 1-866-313-2409 (US Toll Free) Twenty-four years ago, IQ Solutions was built on a vision, a mission, and a framework of values that continue to ignite us daily. We apply strategic communications, science and evidence-based research, public health theory, and innovation to our blend of content and technical expertise. We use this expertise to help share knowledge that empowers audiences to improve their well‑being. Our vision is for all people—especially those in vulnerable communities—to have a better quality of life.

Visit our newly redesigned website at www.iqsolutions.com! Stay up-to-date with our trending blog posts on industry leadership, corporate culture, and breaking news: http://www.iqsolutions.com/trending. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram: @IQSolutions.

IQ Solutions is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status. Fast Forward to the Digital Age

Health Science Communications (HSC) is an innovative agency that provides medical strategy and educational initiatives to pharmaceutical, biotech, and device companies. We do this with a blend of scientific integrity and cutting-edge communications tools. 

At HSC we share a talent for translating scientific promise into clinical reality and accelerating product adoption. Our large team of medical directors and marketing and creative experts maximizes the value of your brands through market-shifting initiatives while maintaining your customers’ trust. 

Differentiation That Matters
Whether we are working on a new product, a cool device, a franchise to build, or refocusing and refreshing an established brand, our team will uncover the medical differentiation that matters. We translate complex data into impactful and meaningful messages while protecting the integrity of a product's scientific positioning. Our creative, interactive, and digital teams will make it rock, and our marketing experts will make sure the story resonates with your customers!

Meaningful Engagement across All Media 
Establishing a tailored dialogue with customers is essential to any brand's success. By leveraging multichannel programming, we provide the breadth of engagement styles and forums, which brings customers into an open and meaningful conversation. We are helping you share your story via multiple channels (from face-to-face to virtual reality).

Multiplying the Value of Your Assets 
Driving value for brands is essential to our philosophy. We always identify, investigate, and clarify the unique value that our clients’ products and services can add to the market from every perspective. This allows us to provide compelling evidence and innovative tools to inform healthcare decisions, optimize labeling claims, accelerate launches, and enable value-based propositions.

HSC is a member of the Healthcare Consultancy Group (HCG), an Omnicom Group company. Jampp is a performance marketing platform for acquiring and retargeting mobile customers. The company combines behavioral data with predictive and programmatic technology to generate revenue for advertisers by showing personal, relevant ads that inspire consumers to purchase for the first time, or more often.

Founded in 2013, Jampp serves a global client base from offices in San Francisco, London, Berlin, São Paulo, Singapore, Cape Town and Buenos Aires. For more information about our team, our company and career opportunities, visit us at:  www.jampp.com Effectory - Leading in employee feedback

Effectory makes organisations more successful by using employees’ feedback and ideas. In our opinion, employees are vital for long-term improvement, because they know better than anyone what could be improved upon and what should be done more practically or smarter.

By involving them in the organisation during their whole career, they will experience more job satisfaction and will perform better – which, in turn, will make the organisation more innovative, mobile, and customer-focused. As European market leader, we have been doing this for no less than 20 years for more than 800 customers in over 65 countries.

We love data and sneakers. We are running ahead in technological innovation, inspired by our past experiences. Therefore, we combine experience, content, and science with the power of innovation and personal service. Our feedback tools are inspiring and easy to use, but also effective and cost-efficient. Every day, we work on achieving our one ultimate goal with our 150 enthusiastic professionals:  affecting long-term improvement in organisations, from the inside out.
 HopHR is a talent matching platform, connecting outstanding Data Scientists, Machine Learning Engineers, and Big Data Experts with top tech companies. Our partner companies receive a list of vetted and well-matched fresh candidates every week.

Looking for a Data Science job you love?

Complete your online profile with us and top companies will start reaching out with interview requests and job offers. It couldn’t be easier! With offices in Dallas/Fort Worth, Texas, Atlanta, Georgia, and Washington, DC, 2M Research Services, LLC (2M) is a fast growing small business professional services firm that provides governmental organizations, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, healthcare organizations, and individual study investigators with a full range of first-class social science research, clinical research, public health research, program evaluation, survey research and statistical consulting services. 

2M’s research consulting expertise encompasses a wide range of areas including public health, epidemiology, population health, health marketing, protocol development & research design, data management, biostatistics, clinical evidence-based medicine, outcomes research, comparative effectiveness research, patient registries, program evaluations, program design, survey research, and applied econometrics. 

Some of our clients include the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the U.S. Department of Labor, the U.S. Department of Agriculture Food and Nutrition Services Division, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Program Support Center, and Novo Nordisk Pharmaceutical. PROVIDING REGULATORY STRATEGY, SCIENCE, and SERVICES
to PHARMACEUTICAL, DEVICE/DIAGNOSTICS, and TOBACCO COMPANIES WORLDWIDE


REGULATORY STRATEGY
- Strategic cross-functional guidance and comprehensive implementation
- Submission and Program Leadership
   - Strategic messaging alignment, overall Vendor strategy and management, agency communications 
   - Modules 1-5 of the Common Technical Document (CTD) / PMA, 510k / PMTA, TPMF, MRTP 
   - Regulatory Operations 

REGULATORY and MEDICAL WRITING
By merging our cross-functional expertise with our writing and operations experience, we deliver documents that not only support clients’ strategic messaging, but also enhance their marketability. We provide many of the benefits of an in-house team—including the experience and perspective of industry insiders—without increased overhead or struggles with fluctuating workloads.

Synchrogenix provides clients with objective, professional document review services. Our rigorous quality-control process includes checks of data, formatting, spelling, grammar, and clarity. Our team includes industry experts, medical doctors, and clinicians who provide our clients with objective content review.

TECHNOLOGY-ENABLED SERVICES
- GlobalSubmit™ Regulatory operations technology 
- ClinGenuity™ Artificial intelligence technology platform 

TRANSPARENCY and DISCLOSURE
Our  disclosure team consults with our clients to educate cross-functional teams as to the requirements for and compliance to FDAAA, FDAMA, and EMA's policies 43 and 70. We develop a roadmap for compliance for our domain experts to fulfill in tandem with client stakeholders. 

- Global Trial and Results Registries 
- Redaction and Dataset De-Identification
- Plain Language Summaries, in partnership with CISCRP

 Bayes Impact's mission is to change the world through algorithms. We solve pressing public interest problems by building technology solutions that leverage data to improve outcomes on a large scale.

More information at www.bayesimpact.org PointCross Inc., founded in 2007 out of Foster City, CA, is a software company built to provide the life science industry solutions in big data analytics, management, and visualization. Our offerings reduce risks, improve data quality, shorten time to market, and generate better insights from R&D and regulatory data. Our technology helps global BioPharma clients as well as the FDA to support drug safety development and translational medical analytics through a suite of informatics offerings.

Fo more information, please visit pointcrosslifesciences.com. About QuanticMind
QuanticMind, the Platform for Smarter Advertising, is the pioneer of predictive advertising management software for paid search and social channels. By reinventing ad management point solutions through machine learning, distributed cloud computing, and in-memory processing, QuanticMind delivers the most intelligent, scalable, and fastest platform for maximizing advertising performance for enterprises. A global community of data-driven marketers relies on QuanticMind’s data science-powered platform to anticipate and execute the best and most granular advertising investments. For more information, please visit QuanticMind.com. Founded in 2011, ChannelEyes is a global software company that is reinventing how vendors drive channel partner sales and loyalty. The SaaS platform includes ChannelCandy, the world’s largest mobile-first product for partners, as well as OPTYX, the first indirect sales workflow product to help sellers with predictive analytics and leverage big data science to drive more sales. 

ChannelEyes has received numerous accolades for its technology including being named a Cool Vendor by Gartner and one of the fastest growing companies in New York’s Capital Region by the Business Review.

Learn more at: http://channeleyes.com/ 5AM's purpose is to deliver better health outcomes through software. Our niche is working with Healthcare and Life Science data. Our target market are companies that need and invest in innovative software designed and engineered by subject matter experts. Customers receive the most benefit when we are able to support them with a technology hive of people who focus on the customer's destination, deliver our 3 Us (software that is usable, useful and used), and employ our proven methodology honed since 2003 called Glassbox that provides the structure needed to be flexible to changing conditions.

We are growing and seeking Inspired individuals driven to work smart, embrace change, focus on customers, and be a team. About the Foodpairing® Company
We are a creative foodtech company at heart.

Foodpairing is a market research automation company identifying the successful flavors of tomorrow.

Through the combination of scientific flavor insights and unique consumer data, we reduce the time to market and increase the success rate of product launches - this can improve enjoyment and the quality of our lives.

Ours is a unique approach to foodtech, that utilizes chemistry, physics and data sciences as a launching pad for the future of food. It is no secret, that our food system is out of balance. Global issues such as climate change, sustainability and obesity are directly related to food. By changing the way we eat, we can restore our planet. 

Foodpairing strives to be a part of the solution and to become a global leader in the foodtech industry. Our long-term mission is to become the go-to platform for creating unique, fully customizable recipes based on science to promote healthy, sustainable lives.

Are you ready to be at the forefront of Foodtech? 

Press references
Forbes, Huffington post, National Geographic, El Pais, Mixology, Roling Pin, VPRO, ..

Contact
Info@foodpairing.com Kingsley Gate Partners is transforming executive search with the introduction of  Synchronous Fit™, Athena™ and Running Start™. By infusing science and technology with human insight, we are solving known executive search industry issues like inherent interview biases and inconsistency in candidate assessment feedback.

We are a global retained executive search firm with one objective in mind – to ensure a lasting fit between our clients and our placed candidates. 

In order to achieve this objective, we first apply the science to our client before we apply it on our candidates. We ensure a lasting fit by arming our experienced search consultants around the world with state-of-the-art, cloud based mobile tools. Our frameworks and technology are designed by renowned credible experts in their fields and are regularly updated to maintain cadence with technology developments. Our proprietary Search Management System - Galaxy™ – is a mobile first system with data residing in the cloud.  

Each Kingsley Gate Partners® consultant is an equity stakeholder in the firm, and our clients are serviced by individuals who are owners of the firm who bring an owner-driven mentality and approach to the process. Kingsley Gate Partners® is not a firm that merely searches for your candidate. We are a firm that finds the one that will have a lasting fit with your organization.
 DHS Group works with companies and health plans to achieve better health outcomes and cost savings using an advanced data warehouse, population health science and member engagement tools. SFSI involved in Import Export, Trading and Management services. We, as a general trading company, source and service both overseas and domestic customers. The company maintains a large in house data which enables us to quickly source commodities and materials and makes prompt and competitive quotations for any customer requirement with the manufacturer’s information and specification. It is always our endeavor that we coordinate and deal with reputed manufacturers and factories and that meets the satisfaction in terms of quality as well as price competitiveness of our end user.
We are a well established company with new ideas and values. We follow a simple promise provide quality workmanship and dependable services. This idea can be characterized in three words - responsible, reasonable and responsive. The company has enjoyed a period of strong growth and achievement since inception. Our determined dedication to serve the clients interest flows throughout the company, from grass root to the top. When you deal with us, you quickly discover what this means. Imagine the equivalent of web analytics for physical retail. Founded in the labs of MIT, Path Intelligence’s unique, award-winning location analytics technology has created a new category of insight for shopping centre operators. We call it Decision Science – the application of scientific principles and practices to shopping center decision-making.

It’s about measuring billions of shopper movements in hundreds of locations around the world. Adding unique third-party data. Combining it with the deepest analytic expertise. And then providing our clients with statistically robust predictions that enable more profitable decisions – and better experiences for their customers. BioElectron is focused on the role of electrons in biology. We understand how proteins and small molecules encode data using electrons to communicate and synchronize the over 1 billion chemical reactions that take place per second in each cell. This knowledge enables us to solve important problems that are beyond the reach of current approaches and tools. BioElectron is the first hybrid biotech/tech platform company. We have devised new tools and new approaches to solving complex problems in biology which comprise our Platform. We are a multidisciplinary team- Human Ecosystem - of over 75 mathematicians, physicists, engineers, data scientists, computer engineers, chemists, enzymologists, molecular biologists, drug developers, and physicians. Our Mission is to learn how biological energy works to engineer solutions to complex, dynamic problems in biology. As Big Data technology is fast evolving, significant impediments still exist for an Enterprise to transform into a Data-driven business. Ingesting, processing, securing, and analyzing diverse data sets,  what we refer to as DataOps, is proving to be a complex and expensive endeavor for most companies. Fast changing technology landscape, exploding data volumes and variety, and lack of skilled resources are key reasons for the current state of affairs.

Our DataOps suite addresses these issues by leveraging reusable design patterns, templates, and workflows to accelerate the adoption of data-driven initiatives. We have an enviable team of diverse talents with proven ability to transform cutting-edge ideas in Big Data, Machine Learning, Text Mining, Semantic Analysis, and Predictive Science into innovative products and solutions for today’s Data Driven Enterprise.

Our Big Data Science solutions help in driving Decisions and Actions for a wide variety of businesses in Retail, Insurance, Media, Healthcare, and Industrial Internet. Maruta Wachta law firm provides legal services dedicated to Information Technology sector. The firm has a first-class understanding of business processes in the cutting edge branches of economy, and is able to protect the interests of its Clients not only by providing top-class legal counseling, but is also capable of contributing in respect to business solutions adopted by the Clients. 

With more than twenty years of experience, which includes advising the biggest international vendors, and the biggest Polish firms from a number of industry and service sectors, the firm gathered a unique know-how, which places Maruta Wachta in a position to provide excellent legal advice in all the matters related to software and new technologies. 

Named a leader in “Technology, Media and Telecommunications” and “Public Procurement Law” and a recommended firm in “IP law” in Rzeczpospolita’s (influential daily in Poland) 2016 ranking of law firms, also recognized by Chambers and Partners (TMT) as well as IP Law Experts.

Maruta Wachta provides legal services in three major areas of practice: transactions & contracts, public procurement and litigation. The firm specializes in drafting contracts for all types of IT project, both agile and waterfall model, including: software implementation contracts (including ERP, and CRM class systems); software maintenance and services contracts; outsourcing contracts; framework agreements, body shopping and body leasing contracts; SaaS, IaaS contracts (including changing current licensing solutions into SaaS models); cloud computing contracts; IT departments transformation contracts (including a complete legal support of business transformations; data and information security. 

Our Clients trust us for the very simple reason - We Know IT Research-grade instrumentation for measuring and monitoring - applications include weather and meteorology, water, soil science, structural and geotechnical and renewable energies (esp. wind and solar). Anjuna is a new startup disrupting the airline services industry—we’re a premier global airline service company with a presence in the US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and South East Asia and are the North American franchisee for APG. The most extensive global network of GSAs. 

Anjuna’s cross-functional team thinks together but not alike. It is a mix between experienced aviation & travel industry experts–the executive team boasts over 180 years of collective industry expertise, experience and unrivaled commercial achievement–and smart, agile data scientists, software developers and digital marketing specialists coming from pioneering companies in the digital industry.

This broad range of capabilities allows us to serve both today’s traditional airline service needs while simultaneously providing our clients with a competitive advantage based on integrating and leveraging cutting edge innovations within the digital technology and big data space to drive greater value. At KenSci we are fighting Death with Data Science. 

KenSci's Machine Learning Platform and Predictive Analytics Apps answer the hard questions about 'Who might get sick?'​, "What can we do about it?'​ and 'How can we serve them better across the continuum of care?'​.  

We are a team of Doctors, Data Scientists and Developers are focused on building the first vertically integrated Machine Learning Platform for Healthcare. Join us on this exciting quest!

Awards and recognition: 

2018 Hot 50 Brands: Paul Writer  TixTrack provides software as a service that helps venues, promoters and teams optimize their ticket sales.

Founded in Los Angeles in 2009, TixTrack was created to bring a new brand of rigorous thinking and science to the business of live entertainment ticketing. Our team members hail from a variety of backgrounds covering fields such as data analysis and software engineering to ticket sales and box office management.

We are proud to boast a 98% customer retention rate which we believe is a true reflection of our commitment to adding tangible value for our customers year after year. CiiNOW, Inc. is the premier provider of Cloud Gaming technology. The Company's turnkey gaming platform is engineered to maximize virtualized data center environments with the goal of delivering retailers, publishers, and service providers with an extremely scalable and flexible technology that provides an immersive gaming experience available to anyone on virtually any screen, be it PC, Mac, set-top box, tablet, Smart TV, or mobile device.

The Company was founded in August 2010 and quickly attracted the attention and backing of several seasoned investors including, Alcatel-Lucent Ventures, Foundation Capital, and AMD Ventures. At the 2012 Cloud Gaming West conference, CiiNOW formally announced its industry-altering, hybrid-streaming platform, and has been building momentum with service providers and game developers ever since. 

http://www.ciinow.com/

Job Opportunities
We are building the world’s best development team and are currently looking for engineers who are not only exceptional in their field, but who believe their efforts can make a powerful difference in how people enjoy streamed video games across all devices. If you have a pedigree in computer science, and demonstrated work experience as an Android, Windows, Video, Graphics, STB, Test Automation, or API engineer, we look forward to hearing from you. To apply, submit your resume to jobs (at) ciinow (dot) com.

http://www.dmwmedia.com/news/2011/12/09/ciinow-raises-13-million-for-visually-rich-cloud-applications At i360 we believe THE DATA IS THE DIFFERENCE®. But what does that mean? Simply put, it means integrating data in everything we do to produce the most effective outcomes for our clients.

At the core of the i360 is a comprehensive database of all 18+ American consumers and voters with profiles containing thousands of individual and aggregated data points that give us the full picture of who someone is and allows us to leverage our capabilities in: 

DATA SCIENCE
To help our clients expand the efficacy of both our data and their own data, our data science team utilizes advanced machine learning algorithms to build predictive models that update in real time based on new inputs, thereby helping our clients classify people and events, detect patterns and unlock the true predictive power of data.

TECHNOLOGY
We realize that to put data to good use, it must be accessible and actionable to real people. For that reason, we have invested in the production of agile technology products that enable our clients to maximize efficiencies across all their efforts including data management and reporting, door-to-door canvassing, volunteer phone banking, and online activism.

ANALYTICS
Obtaining insights from data is key to our clients and making sure that discovery stays embedded in their business, not ours, is key to our analytics capability. That’s why we seek to empower our clients with data visualization tools and dashboards to help them better analyze their results: spotting trends, developing better strategies, and designing experiments to test theories and execute them.

ADVERTISING
To help ensure your paid digital and TV advertising reach the right people, i360 combines our data and technology and partners with major providers to reach audiences across different screens and mediums. The result is a consistent message delivered to the right target in the most cost efficient and quantifiable manner.

 We are RocketROI™ and we optimize Google Adwords, Bing Ads, Amazon Advertising & Facebook Ads through Science & Technology for top advertisers with high performance ROI requirements.

We create technology that helps advertisers increase up to 20x through an intelligent, scalable & efficient paid media optimization with real-time product, audience and price management. No mandatory permanence, transparent rates, easy to integrate and 95% customer retention make the RocketROI formula the leading provider in the industry.

RocketROI is the fastest Google AdWords & Bing Ads optimization tech growing in EMEA, #1 Tech partner for Google Adwords in our target markets, leading #1 Google Partners ranking in terms of certified professionals, leading top #3 Google Awards 2016.

Born in 2014, more than 40 employees and headquartered in Barcelona. We also have representatives in Madrid, Mexico, Bogotá, Sao Paulo, Miami, Milano and Hong Kong. 

Currently investing in paid media? Your "optimized"​ campaigns are up to 90% inefficient if you are not using any management software, and up to 50% inefficient if you are using a first gen ppc platform (Marin, Kenshoo, Doubleclick).

Skeptical? We will show you exactly what this can mean for your business.

Management team include experts in Digital Marketing, Data Science, Operations and Software Development with over 12 years of experience in the industry. Launched June 1st 2014, today we are a fast-growing company delivering high-performance paid media optimization worldwide.

Skeptical? We will show you exactly what this can mean for your business.

Contact info: info@rocketroi.com | www.rocketroi.com DELVE is a Google Analytics Certified Partner, a DoubleClick Expert, and one of Inc5000's fastest-growing companies.
_____
As a top-rated Google Partner, we take our technology seriously. Every data point is an opportunity to roll up our sleeves, analyze, and inform stronger decisions for your brand through cutting edge solutioning and envelope pushing data science within the Google Digital Marketing stack.

Through proven technology and rigorous analytics, we transform your information into a marketing strategy that works for you. Smarter spending, stronger placement, and more efficient use of creative: we’re committed to helping you win greater dominance in the marketplace, improve customer acquisition, and increase ROI with the power of honest marketing data.

Want to learn more? Drop us a line at begin@delvepartners.com. New Solutions Factory is a specialized consulting consortium of ‘experts on demand’ — we’ve been creatively partnering with brands and agencies for over 20 years.

Our subject-matter mavericks give clients a path to understand, manage, and solve modern business challenges — with a unique blend of customer-centric psychology, actionable behavioral models, and innovation experience that creates proven returns.

We meet client needs through a suite of offerings, including:
  •  Behavioral Consulting: Using behavioral science models to predict and understand customer experiences and the levers that drive action

  •  Customer Insights and Analytics: Mapping real-world disconnects and opportunities by layering traditional market research with our proprietary data and mobile-response survey platforms 

  •  Relationship Marketing Leadership: Transcending formulaic approaches to create emotional connections together with measured, long-term value
 
We serve partners in an interconnected role between agencies and brands, to ensure all content and programs are effective and optimized. 
 
EXPERT ON-DEMAND CONSULTANTS FOR:  
 
  •  Branding, Workshops
  •  Tactical Planning
  •  CRM Program Design
  •  Interactive/Digital Marketing Strategy
  •  Insight Mining and Stealth Market Research Design
  •  Marketing Evaluations, SWOT building
  •  Customer Segment Mapping
  •  Channel Strategy Frameworks
  •  Market Development Planning
  •  Competitive Analysis
  •  Measurement Planning, Analytics Backed by Carnegie Mellon University (CMU), Acrobatiq is a learning optimization company building on CMU’s strengths in cognitive and learning science, and applied research in technology-enabled learning from CMU’s pioneering Open Learning Initiative.

Our learning optimization platform, fast-start content library and professional services enable institutions to rapidly author, deliver, evaluate and continuously improve outcomes-based learning experiences that adapt to the needs of each learner. Insights generated from student learning data provide educators and student support teams with detailed information about which learners need help and with what, leading to improved student engagement and academic achievement. numberFire is the next generation sports analytics platform. We take the unstructured and misleading data that exists all around sports and mine it for unprecedented insight that allows us to predict player and team performance better than any competitor.

The first step of our process involves digging into the box score. We know that it means a lot more to throw for 300 yards against the a good defense than a bad one, so why simply use yards as an indicator for how good a quarterback is? Using a series of mathematical models, we break down the action in order to have a better and more accurate understanding of what teams and players are performing well and which are paper champions.

The next step of process involves using the power of predictive and regressive modeling to more accurately project future performance. Using our advanced metrics combined with state-of-the-art predictive algorithms, we leverage the power of science to come up with the most accurate, data-driven projections around.

Since founding the company in 2010, we've grown the community to over 120,000 users, and forged major partnerships with ESPN, Sports Illustrated, Bleacher Report, SB Nation, and SLAM.  numberFire was acquired by FanDuel in August 2015. At Landtern our goal is to help you invest in value homes, situated in the right locality so you can meet your investment objective. With its wealth of data resources, our Data Science team has created sophisticated predictive models and algorithms to not only identify where strong investment opportunities are today but also where they are likely to occur in the future.
Landtern was established with one singular goal in mind – to provide investors, like you, with a trusted and simple way of investing in real estate. You can now gain the benefits of cash flow, income, and appreciation, while leaving all of the homework and hard graft to us. Our end-to-end comprehensive solution includes property Search, analysis and sale. At Accelerate, we consider ourselves more than just a digital agency. We’re a growth engine. We help ambitious businesses grow and give them better odds of success in the market.

We believe that accelerated growth happens when you incorporate engaging experiences, purposeful content and optimised performance with an integrated sales and marketing strategy. We combine high-frequency and high-intensity collaboration between agency and business functions to deliver growth from strategy through to customer success.

Developed by the UK’s leading venture builder, Blenheim Chalcot, we help to grow businesses by providing excellence in Strategy, Experience, Development, Content, Social Media, Performance and Sales.

Our client portfolio includes Google Squared, Bulgari, Agilisys, AVADO, Salary Finance, Liberis, and a number of other ambitions businesses. Perfecting the art and science of Humanalytics

Data is only part of the story. Each individual’s decisions and motivations are affected by both external and internal emotion triggers. Humanalytics meld together hard data with the fluctuating cycles of human emotion.

It’s all part of our customer-centric approach to marketing. Putting your customer at the center of everything we do is important to making real human connections. Data and analytics give us insights. Walking in your customers’ shoes lets us see what emotions are driving their decisions. With over 40 years’ experience in the field of laboratory management, TECHNIDATA is a leading global informatics solution provider for clinical, anatomic-pathology laboratories and biobanks. 

Developed in full compliance with the ISO 9001/ISO 13485 quality standards, TECHNIDATA software products are distributed worldwide, and cover all the clinical laboratory disciplines: Biochemistry, Hematology, Immunology, Serology, Virology, Microbiology, Blood Banking, Histology/Cytology, Genetics, and Biobanking...

In addition, TECHNIDATA partners with IVD and Life Science companies to provide cost-effective IT solutions.

Products and services: 
• Laboratory Information Systems (Livextens® suite)
• Middleware solutions (TDHarmony® suite)
• Instrument workstations and Data Managers
• Point of Care Testing Management
• Web-based requests and results module
• Services: consulting, development, support, training and commercialization activities

**********
TECHNIDATA is continuously looking for partners to develop its distribution network. 
Please contact us for more details: contact@technidata-web.com
********** What is Sales Temperature and how does it work?

Sales Temperature allows retail businesses to know their daily sales and customer counts prior to opening their doors. This is accomplished by providing an accurate daily sales and/or tickets forecast, built on a state-of-the-art Machine Learning platform. Sales Temperature's forecasting engine is the same technology used by Amazon to suggest your next purchase, Netflix to figure out what you might like to binge watch next, or Google to optimize your search results. 

The combination of internal performance data with key historic and projected consumer-impacting external variables including weather, local gas prices, local unemployment rates and consumer confidence numbers allows Sales Temperature's Machine Learning tool to get smarter and more accurate over time. Recognizing, for example, that a specific retail location may be busy on Tuesday when the weather is below 50 degrees or on a Saturday sales are soft if there is significant cloud coverage.

Who uses Sales Temperature and how do they use it?

Retail business owners, operators, and on premise managers are the primary users of Sales Temperature forecasts. Customers receive a daily 14-day sales and/or tickets forecast. With instant access to an accurate forecast, Sales Temperature users can save time on the burdensome task of employee scheduling and manage their labor costs with more confidence.

What sets Sales Temperature apart?

SALES TEMPERATURE
Machine learning
Continuous improvement
Advanced data science
Integration of key consumer data
Weather data integration: historic and forecast
Accuracy tracking
Adjustable by the user
Instant access

OTHER FORECAST METHODS
Estimating / Excel
Static / based on averages
Subject to human error/bias
Overly reliant on historic trends
Minimal understanding of the impact of weather
Limited responsibility if forecast is wrong
Black box
Lost in spreadsheets

What does Sales Temperature deliver?

Daily sales forecast
Daily labor hours forecast
Daily tickets forecast
Daily labor costs forecast

What sets Sales Temperature apart?

AVERAGE ANNUAL SAVINGS PER LOCATION
$8,000 in hourly labor costs*
$1,200 in store manager time **

ANNUAL COST PER LOCATION
$420 - $780

* Based on recent case study with an average hourly labor costs of $10.00 per hour - Open 7 days a week and 11 hours per day
** Assumes one hour per week of forecast planning by store manager.

https://salestemperature.wordpress.com eShopbox is an on-demand technology and services company on a mission to drive e-commerce for  brands and help them provides a unique, brand-centric experience to their customers. 

We transform clients eCommerce vision to splendid reality, from eCommerce Order Management to a fully integrated shop-to-ship solution or any a-la-carte component in between – Eshopbox has the platform, services and solutions to help brands build it, manage it and profit.  Our team is led by experts with a unique combination of skill sets including technology, inguity and marketing.

” eShopbox won E-retail Solution Provider of The Year Award at the Indian Retail Congress 2016.”

Mission :  To optimize & drive eCommerce life cycle for ambitious companies.

Till date we have managed 10 million units worth more than INR 1 billion across 1.5 million SKUs listed on 20+ channels for more than 125 companies on a warehousing space of 1.5 lakh square feet. 

At eShopbox we promote the entrepreneurial spirit in which the company was founded.  This means fostering a creative and learning approach which helps to deliver effective solutions for all the challenges.
 LNPServices LLC. - with over 36 years of technical/managerial experience, we look to protect both your brand image as well as your brand with our Social Media Management Services and Design Development.

We'll increase your reach to your present customers as well as your potential customers by giving you a broader more professional approach concerning your social media efforts. (SMM / SMO)

We will also work closely with you to ensure your infrastructure compliments your entire technical solution effort by managing your staff reviewing (Workflows - Technical Initiatives - Design Reviews - Mobile Apps - Web Development Options as well as Remote Technical Solutions).


AUGMENTED REALITY DEVELOPMENT

AR CONTENT AND CAMPAIGNS
Utilizing the latest in markerless motion capture and tracking, we create memorable development working closely with our clients to produce real results. Advertising, Gaming, and Commercial Applications.

AR DATA CAPTURE AND MODELING
Our team of expert modelers will make your products animated “AR Ready” 3D objects in record time. We work close with our clients paying attention to detail, and are dedicated to elevating the art and science of AR content modeling.

E - NEWSLETTERS
Plain text emails are boring. Spice up your campaign with an attractive e-newsletter. We'll guide you from concept to implementation.

Logo Design
Develop your brand image with a unique professional logo design built from the ground up. Special discount with web design/web development packages.

Video Streaming Services
HD video streaming directly to your clients inside of your PDF presentations. Let us take your video marketing efforts to that next level.


Give us a call at 702.778.1178 With offices in Boston, Austin, Tel Aviv, and London, BioData creates digital tools for increasing the productivity of academic and industry laboratories. Its flagship product, Labguru, is currently used by thousands of researchers in hundreds of labs worldwide. Founded in 2007, BioData is a portfolio company of Digital Science, and sister company to Nature Publishing Group. For more information, visit http://www.labguru.com.

Labguru is powerful research documentation software trusted by thousands of researchers at major pharmaceutical companies and academic labs. Carrying forward the Manipal legacy of over six decades in education, Manipal ProLearn helps working professionals and students enhance their skills and fast-track their careers. The integrated Manipal ProLearn platform thrives on Manipal Global’s strength of online learning business, corporate training academies as well as our employability enhancement programs. 

With 100+ professionally certified courses in sought-after fields like Data Sciences, Information Technology, Finance, and Digital Marketing, Manipal ProLearn continues its reign as one of leading corporate training providers in India. 

ProLearn has brought together its across-the-horizon domain expertise to offer an exhaustive list of course offering. It comprises of simple online courses such as MS-Excel to blended delivery programs like Software Architecture and campus-based F2F diploma programs such as Data Science. This multi-dimensional suite of programs will help working professionals and students who are looking forward to learning new skills and imbibing new capabilities for a fruitful professional career. From immersive bootcamps for fresh IT grads to specialised and snackable courses for corporate leaders, Manipal ProLearn has something for everyone on and around the corporate ladder. 

Experience the power of learning with Manipal ProLearn offering you the best-in-class courses, carefully curated by industry experts and benchmarked against global certification standards such as PMI, CIMA, PMBOK etc. to help you emerge as a dynamic professional. 

ProLearn partners with industry leaders like Google, Sandbox, Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA) and Peoplecert to provide quality courses that add to your skill set. A wide range of course options, expert faculty, and an award-winning learning platform have helped us redefine learning in the professional certification program space. Over the last two years, more than 50,000 learners have advanced their careers with our courses. We pioneered an innovative service model that has transformed drug and medical device development. Powered by TEMPO™, our proprietary eClinical platform, our team of experts bring extensive therapeutic knowledge and insight into assisting life science, biotechnology and medical device firms in developing and executing regulatory strategies, clinical development, and post-approval research to drug and medical device trials. 

Our therapeutic expertise includes cardiovascular & metabolic diseases, central nervous system, dermatology, gastroenterology, immunology, infectious diseases, nephrology, oncology, respiratory, rheumatology, & vaccines. Clinipace is headquartered in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina with offices across the globe. 

6 Things To Know About Clinipace Worldwide: 
• We merged with Accovion in 2015 
• We merged with Choice Pharma in 2014 
• We were named to Forbes' 2013 List of America's Most Promising Companies 
• We’ve been named to Inc. Magazine’s Inc. 500 List for 6 consecutive years 
• We’re the first digital clinical research organization (dCRO) 
• The combined company has supported more than 3,000 clinical research studies and more than 300 regulatory and strategic development projects. Aquila Insight works with organisations to understand their challenges and then identify, structure and use the most relevant data to address these needs.   We focus on extracting the maximum value from this data which allows our clients to make more effective decisions.

Our expertise covers the complete consumer lifecycle from acquisition through to retention across multiple channels.  As we are able to offer onsite and offsite analytical consultancy and delivery we are fully flexible to respond to our client’s needs.   

Aquila’s recruitment process reflects our culture, our staff must be analytical, pragmatic, creative, and need to be able to translate data into business opportunities. OCS Consulting plc established in 1984 is a leading staff based IT & Business Services and Consultancy organisation with offices in the UK, The Netherlands and Switzerland.   We provide a range of IT Services: Software Engineering / Application Development, Resourcing, Consultancy, Managed Projects, Application &  Infrastructure support, specialist Business Services in the areas of Life Science and Cash Management.

Technology: Java, Microsoft, Salesforce, Oracle, SAS, SharePoint & legacy technologies;  PowerBuilder, Progress/OpenEdge, UNIFACE & ADABAS/Natural.  Our technical expertise combined with our application support & maintenance skills positions OCS as a valued extension to our clients’ technical teams.

Life Sciences: Research & Development services for the life science industry; Statistical Programming, Data Management, CRO Projects, SAS technology expertise, CDISC, Regulatory Data Analysis, Clinical Data Warehousing

Cash Management Automation: Products & Services related to the delivery of Software and Hardware solutions to automate cash management operations within major organisations.

Lifecycle Services: providing Project Managers, Business Analysts & Testing specialists to clients supporting the demands of project deadlines.

OCS Consulting deliver its services to both corporates & SMBs priding itself on quality, innovation, flexibility and accountability. We build long-lasting relationships with our clients which include; Unilever, UN Agencies, ING Bank, Aon, G4S, Renault, Nutricia Research, Argos, Motability Operations, GSK, Pret a Manger, Macmillan, The Kennel Club +many more. 

In addition to our core services, we have developed a number of specialisms covering domains such as Automotive, Insurance and Retail. 

We make listening to our clients a priority. We offer independent advice with a problem-solving attitude and understand the bigger picture, and we believe this is why 95% of our clients have used us repeatedly, many for over thirty years. Behavox is the People Analytics company, using AI to make companies smarter, more secure and more successful. 

The company has offices in London, New York and Singapore and employs industry leaders in compliance and regulation, sales and customer success, software and data science.  

Behavox software reveals previously undetectable insights  to protect reputation and maximise revenue generation by analysing vast amounts of structured and unstructured data.

The platform delivers benefits across the enterprise: 
- reducing the costs of compliance and increasing the effectiveness of systems and controls;  
- optimising the performance of teams and enhancing levels of customer service;  
- tracking and measuring corporate culture to strengthen teams and companies.

The company works with forward thinking, multi-national businesses, financial institutions and investment firms.  

The ever increasing demand for People Analytics means we are expanding in existing markets, entering new markets and recruiting at all levels. 

If you want to be part of the Behavox journey please contact us.
 Scube Scientific Software Solutions (P) Ltd is dedicating itself to serving the scientific community by providing powerful, easy-to-use, and affordable scientific software. Scube was established in May 2004, and since then has a long tradition of excellence in providing the most advanced and comprehensive scientific software available today. Scube’s software products are used extensively throughout India in more than 200 Research Institutes, Universities, Pharmaceutical companies, providing the ease of use and flexibility demanded by today’s professionals.

Today, Scube is a major Sole distributor of scientific and technical software in the SAARC countries and its partners include: 

•CambridgeSoft USA
•Gaussian Inc USA
•Fujitsu BioSciences Poland
•SoftGenetics USA
•PREMIER Biosoft International USA
•Statsoft India
•Thermos Scientifc USA
•MacKichan Inc USA
•Esker Australia
•Golden Software USA
•Aptech System Inc USA
•Visual Numerics Inc USA

A multidisciplinary team of Bioinformaticians, Statisticians, Mathematicians, and chemists bring together knowledge and expertise to maintain and support our unique platform for Drug Discovery, Scientific Publishing, Statistical Analysis, Market Research, Six Sigma, Data Mining…. New technologies are fostered through our continual R&D efforts, and scientific collaborations with customers. Scube is committed to the highest standards of science, and assists computational chemists, medicinal chemists, biologists, Statisticians, Scientists and researchers in their quest for scientific excellence. Scube Scientific Software Solutions Pvt Ltd, is the only source you need for Genetic analysis software, Primer designing software, Computational Chemistry software, molecular modeling software, QSAR/QSPR software, molecular dynamics simulation software, statistical Analysis software, Latex typesetting Software, Graphing and contouring Software, spectroscopy Software, Pharmacology software. Envion Software is a U.S. based custom software vendor with a few R&D centres around the world. Innovations are in our DNA.
Since 1984 we have been ‘one stop shop’ for hundreds of companies and start-ups meeting their R&D needs in
- Applications development
- Natural Language Processing, 
- Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning
- Data engineering
- Big data analytics 
and mastering the hardest design, UX / UI tasks. 

We also offer:
- full cycle software development providing custom solutions under one roof
- original preliminary researches using our scientific background 
- expertise: deep understanding of advanced topics in our expert domains
- competitive and transparent prices, strong ROI, the best value-for-money ratios
- quality: our clients success is our success - we deliver the best solutions in terms of our clients value and their consistent growth.
- great talent pool: 80% of our developers are Senior engineers (MS or Ph.D. degrees in Mathematics and Computer Science).

Expertise Areas:
- Big Data Analytics and BI, Data lake and Enterprise data warehousing, ETL, Data Preparation & Quality
- Data Science: Deep Learning, Fraud detection, Predictive analysis, Time series analysis,  Segmentation and Anomaly detection etc.
- Natural Language Processing: Lemmatization, Morphological segmentation, Stemming, Word segmentation, Terminology extraction, Topic Modelling, NER, Natural language generation / understanding, Word sense disambiguation, Summarization,  Speech recognition, Text-to-Speech etc.
- RDBSM development / maintenance
- noSQL databases development / maintenance
- UI/UX design
- GUI development
- Web & Mobile Applications development
- High load infrastructures

Our Clients:
- Clients: North America, Western Europe, Australia, South-East Asia.
- Industries: Healthcare, Finances, Marketing, Publishing, Travel & Hospitality, Retail.
- Average time of cooperation: 3 years. ELIXIR, the ESFRI Research Infrastructure for biological data, bring together Europe's major life-sciece data archive and, for the first time connects these with national bioinformatics infrastructures and resources through-out ELIXIR member states. By coordinating local, national, and international resources, ELIXIR will meet the data-related needs of Europe's 500,000 life-scientists.

ELIXIR will provide the facilities necessary for life science researchers - from bench biologists to cheminformaticians - to make the most of our rapidly growing store of information about living systems, which is the foundation on which our understanding of life is built. Fluid Imaging Technologies, Inc. manufactures the FlowCam®, a continuous-imaging particle analysis instrument that combines the capabilities of flow cytometry with microscopy. Intuitive VisualSpreadsheet© software facilitates rapid analysis of particle data and sophisticated pattern recognition operations for particle identification, enabling automated characterization of different particle types in a heterogeneous sample. Applications include protein therapeutic research and development, aquatic research, harmful algal bloom monitoring, and monitoring and analysis of public drinking water sources and wastewater treatment.  Enterprise-level connected product platforms and mobile-to-everything software solutions.  Driven by Mobile Transportation technology in air, auto, telco and emerging new technology markets.

How? Through:

Mobile [applications], 
Data [Science], 
Experience Design [UX], 
Cloud [Microsoft Azure]
[Mobile Augmentation] Wearables, 
Proximity Awareness [IoT, Beacons, Sensors, Brick-to-Mobile Intelligence] 
IoT [connections]
Rapid-fire Concept Development

For more information, please contact innovation@lixar.com.
www.lixar.com
@LixarIT About Us
We are an international provider of technology solutions. From custom software development to cloud hosting, from big data to cognitive computing, we help companies harness and leverage today’s most cutting edge digital technologies to create value and grow. As we like to say, if a customer needs it, “it can be done.”

Our History
We began operations in the U.S. in 2013 when, at an international customer’s request, we opened an office in Birmingham, Alabama to support the customer’s growing presence in the region. 

Our Expertise
In the last 20 years, we have worked successfully with hundreds of clients on over 600 large projects throughout the world in the following industries: financial services, insurance, hospitality, retail, telecommunications, health, consumer goods, media, energy and government. In the financial services industry alone, we have delivered, in just 5 years, 10 different online and mobile banking channels in 5 different countries.  The sites and apps developed and deployed by us for these customers are currently used by over 12 million people worldwide.

Our Customers
We’re honored to have helped hundreds of companies with their technology needs, including: 
- The World Bank (banking/government)
- Grupo Modelo/Corona beer (beverage)
- Pfizer (pharmaceuticals)
- ING (banking) 
- REPSOL (oil & gas)
- Vodafone (telecommunications) 
- Santander (banking)  
- MAPFRE (insurance)
- BBVA Group/BBVA Compass (banking)
- Barceló (hospitality)

We take pride in noting that many of our customer relationships span several decades and have involved helping our clients navigate seismic technology changes. 

About our Services
Simply stated, what we do is analyze, build and manage.  We analyze our customers’ data and turn it into actionable insights. We build the technology solutions needed to address those insights. We manage the implementation and deployment of those solutions to create value and fuel growth. Toppr is one of the leading ed-tech platforms in India. Our vision is to effectively personalise education
using technology.

We are an extremely passionate team of engineers, educators, and designers – making consistent strides
in product innovation to enhance our user engagement.

We cater to the individual learning styles of candidates preparing for various school and board
examinations, olympiads, and scholarship tests. Additionally, we enable preparation for engineering and
medical entrance tests as competitive as JEE and NEET.

We have won multiple awards such as:
1. IAMAI India digital awards for educational website
2. Amazon mobility awards for emerging startup in education
3. Top 10 Hottest Startups - CB Insights 2015

Specialties:
Gamified and Adaptive Learning; Confluence of Data Science, Pedagogy and Design; Fast Career
Development aunica is a leader in innovation for Digital Marketing in Brazil. 
Est. 2004, we have a complete track-record and business case of:

- Media Management/Performance;
- Extreme Data-Analytic's/Data-Strategy;
- Multi-channel Data Integration;
- Back/Front-Office optimization programs;
- Visualization and socialization of insights and reports.

We deliver digital intelligence, strategy and operations, coupled with creative capabilities. Digital media today operates as stock markets, so, balance is key between creativity and data, what people call today Science + Arts.

Our customers are top Local/Global Advertisers, E-commerce's, Publishers and Media Groups, as Grupo Record, Voe Azul, Sony Eletrônicos, Unisinos, Porto Seguros, Valor Econômico, Grupo Abril, Ganhando a America, Grupo Chalezinho, Sports Action Store,  Brasil Radio Orlando, entre outros. 

Some of our innovation includes: Full Screen Interactive Rich Media (2000); Internet + TV study with Ibope/Nielsen (03), Engagement Metrics Report (05); Real-Time Analytic's deploy (07); BT+Retargeting (08); Attribution Channel reporting (09), Mobile Measurement (10), SSP's (13) and a 1st party Data Hub in the market, Tealium, in 2016. 
We have long -standing relation with Adobe, PubMatic, Google, Adform, Tealium and others, helping them building local market-share, relevance and revenues. 

We operate in São Paulo, Brazil and Florida, USA. We also have partners in Brasilia, Porto Alegre and other regions, with a team of more than 50+ highly skilled and certified professionals of Data, Planning, Developers and Financial specialists. In 2012 our CEO was named #15 of the most innovative Brazilian professionals in digital by Proxxima/M&M, the most important trade magazine. aunica is a founding member at IAB Brasil and Abradi partner. Bologna Business School (BBS) of the University of Bologna is the largest business school of a public university in Italy, founded in 2000. BBS is member of EFMD, ASFOR and is ranked as a Top Business School by Eduniversal.

We built the identity of BBS through an international interdisciplinary approach. Our community of Alumni, Faculty and Managers, as well and the hundreds of firms and companies constantly involved through the business network, creates a unique environment for new ideas, innovation and professional growth.

There is a new atmosphere in the BBS campus and it is the outcome of the sharing and exchanges between different minds having a common objective: transforming ideas into action. 


GLOBAL MBA (in English)
- Corporate Finance
- Design, Fashion and Luxury Goods
- Food and Wine
- Green Energy and Sustainable Businesses
- Innovation Management / Mechanics & Automation
- Superbikes, Supercars and Motor Sports


FULL-TIME MASTERS (in Italian and English)
- Administration, Finance and Control 
- Business Management / Asian Markets 
- Business Management / Food & Wine 
- Business Management / Latin American Markets 
- Business Management / Made in Italy 
- Business Management / Retail Management 
- Data Science 
- Digital Commerce 
- Human Resources & Organization
- Management 
- Marketing, Communication and New Media 
- Sales and Marketing Management 

EXECUTIVE MASTERS (part-time)
- Executive MBA
- MBA Part-time (weekend)
- MBA Part-time (evening)
- Executive Master in Digital Business (in English)
- Executive Master in Supply Chain & Operations
- Executive Master in Sales & Marketing
- Executive Master in Technology & Innovation Management
- Executive Master in Entrepreneurship
- Master in Digital Marketing for Tourism and Events Management
 

OPEN and CUSTOM PROGRAMS 


40+ PROGRAMS 
600+ STUDENTS EACH YEAR 
300+ FACULTY MEMBERS 
500+ COMPANIES IN OUR NETWORK 
7000+ ALUMNI FROM 80 COUNTRIES Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) is the most compelling A.I. Software Company shaping the future of Customer Engagement and empowering Marketing, Sales and Finance people to grow sales and accelerate cash.

Seamlessly integrated with existing CRM and ERP, Sidetrade leverages Artificial Intelligence to disclose untapped new business opportunities, increase upsell, reduce churn, predict customer payments and accelerate cash flow generation. Over 1,500 companies, of all sizes and sectors, in 80 countries, employ AI Sidetrade solutions for sustainable growth.
 
Sidetrade enables a new level of collaboration between Marketing, Sales, Finance, and Customer Service teams to accurately evaluate, predict and increase customer performance and secure competitive advantage. 
 
With its Artificial Intelligence platform, Sidetrade use predictive data science to take the guesswork out of the customer relationship.
 
The advanced use of machine learning and human collaboration empowers businesses to proactively improve operational effectiveness of the end-to-end customer cycle via smart sales prospecting, streamlined cash collection and case management processes. Microbac is a premier testing company that partners with clients to help them understand the quality, safety and performance of their products and operations.  Through a network of 30 laboratories running numerous tests for the food, environmental, life science and specialty markets each day, Microbac creates time-sensitive data and insights to support its clients'​ informed decision-making.

We have a wide spectrum of scientific testing capabilities and expertise.  From food to consumer products, industrial materials to drinking water, soil and air to drug development and discovery - we touch many industries within the economy and can simplify the purchase of testing services across a broad universe of needs.

At Microbac, we endeavor to deliver value that reaches beyond the walls of our laboratories.  We collaborate with our clients to understand their performance objectives and offer tools, services and solutions to help meet those objectives. 

If you're looking for top tier laboratory services, or are interested in joining a premier laboratory group, we want to hear from you. At Defence Science and Technology Agency (DSTA), we have a shared purpose: to develop leading-edge technological and engineering solutions for the defence and security of our nation.

Our diverse portfolio includes military platforms, weapons, sensors, networked systems, data analytics, the Internet of Things, cybersecurity, IT and building and infrastructure. The multi-disciplinary nature of our work will give you many opportunities to innovate and push the boundaries of Science and Technology.  There are countless online education marketplaces on the internet. And there’s us. We are not the biggest. We are not the cheapest. But we are the fastest growing. We have the highest course completion rate in the industry.

And the reason is, we don’t give up. When a student commits to a course, we commit to the student. We are not going to sugar coat it - we will make you complete the course, come what may. 

You may not have given much thought to what you are signing up for, but we believe you are signing up for knowledge that is useful and complete. And what we do, we do to make that belief a reality. 

We are ridiculously committed to our students. Be it constant reminders, relentless masters or 24 x 7 online support - we will absolutely make sure that you run out of excuses to not complete the course!

We provide comprehensive courses in Big Data & Analytics, Cloud Computing, Programming, Application Development, and other trending technologies.

At Edureka, we respect skill, knowledge and common sense. Not hierarchy. We are a family of fun and ambitious people with a desire to impart education, to stay committed to the core vision of Edureka.
You can learn more about working with us here: https://www.edureka.co/careers. Our vision at the Food Safety Authority Ireland (FSAI) is safe and trustworthy food for everyone and our mission is protecting consumers by leading a collaborative food safety community to continuously raise food standards and create a culture of excellence.  We place consumers at the centre of all our activities.  Consumers have a fundamental right to safe food and also that they are not being misled about the food they are purchasing or eating.  

We are a statutory, independent and science-based body which comes under the aegis of the Minister for Health. Our values are teamwork; integrity; passion; respect; innovation and; collaboration. HFA is the nation’s leading provider of rights management, licensing and royalty services for the music industry. With over 46,000 music publishing clients, HFA issues the largest number of licenses for the use of music in both physical and digital distribution formats.

HFA has merged its business unit, formally known as Slingshot, with Rumblefish. This powerful combination drives value for creators and distributors of music by delivering a comprehensive digital rights management platform designed to simplify the administration of musical compositions and master recordings; monetize network platforms such as YouTube and provide license verification services utilizing Rumblefish’s RADKey® technology. Top executives from both Rumblefish and HFA have worked together to integrate these services into a cohesive and powerful suite of tools, that include:

Licensing
Content ID
Micro-Licensing
Data Management
Royalties
RADKey
Client Support
Consulting Services

After acquiring Rumblefish and the Harry Fox Agency, SESAC became the only Music Rights Organization in the United States, serving both music users and creators with music licensing services that utilize sophisticated information technology and data science in order to provide timely, efficient royalty collection and distribution. SESAC is unique in its ability to offer singular licenses for the works of its affiliated writers and publishers that aggregate both performance and mechanical rights in order to drive greater efficiency in licensing for music users, as well as enhanced value for music creators and publishers

To learn more about employment opportunities at HFA, visit the "jobs"​ page at harryfox.com.

www.rumblefish.com
www.harryfox.com
www.sesac.com The International Institute of Information Technology Bangalore, a Deemed University, popularly known as IIIT-B, was established in 1999 with a vision to contribute to the IT world by focusing on education and research, entrepreneurship and innovation. The Institute is a registered not-for-profit society funded jointly by the Government of Karnataka and the IT industry.
 
Since its inception, IIIT-B, with its unique model of education, research, and industry interaction, has grown in stature to become an institution of considerable repute in academic as well as corporate circles. The Institute works in partnership with the corporate sector while retaining the freedom of an academic institution. It is inspired by other renowned institutions and also strives to emulate an academic culture that is on par with the best international institutions.

Specialties
Ph. D, MS (Research), M Tech (IT), iMTech, Innovation Center, MSc (Digital Society), Accelerator, PG Diploma Data Analytics, M Tech (ESD), Data Science, Software Engineering, Data Warehousing, Data Mining, VLSI, System on Chip (SoC), Research Programs, Executive Education Paramount Recruitment is the go-to recruitment agency to find talent for the Life Sciences (genomics/bioinformatics), Data Science, Drug Discovery and Healthcare Communications industries. We search high and low to locate the brightest minds in the UK, Europe and beyond, and create meaningful connections between them and the innovative companies we work with.

As a specialist recruiter, we have an in-depth knowledge of the industries we operate in and understand the specialised needs of our Clients and Candidates. Our passion for the sectors we work in goes beyond 9 to 5, ensuring our expert consultants have unrivalled industry connections and can respond quickly to our Clients’ long and short-term recruitment challenges with insight, support and tailored advice. 

For Candidates, we provide support throughout the recruitment process and help individuals to discover their own unique career path. Candidates can drop us a line with their details, or call us directly for an informal chat about the opportunities they are looking for, the Clients we work with and what positions we have on the horizon. 
 SAMSI is a national institute whose vision is to forge a new synthesis of the statistical sciences and the applied mathematical sciences with disciplinary science to confront the very hardest and most important data- and model-driven scientific challenges W3R Consulting is a Southfield, Michigan based staffing and consulting firm that provides talent, technology consulting and advanced analytics solutions to Fortune 500 companies in the automotive, financial, healthcare, insurance, professional and business services, and retail industries.  In 2012, w3r acquired Nurse Now Staffing. inner of numerous customer and industry awards, this year W3R celebrates 22 years of innovation, exceptional customer service and community engagement. 

For ongoing news, please visit w3r.com Praxis Engineering, headquartered in Annapolis Junction, Maryland, is a consulting and solutions firm dedicated to the practical application of software and system engineering technologies to ensure the success of our customers.  Praxis Engineering brings together world class engineering talent combined with software engineering best practices, domain expertise and commercial technologies to create high-value solutions aimed at helping our customers meet their mission critical needs. Dataiku develops the unique advanced analytics software solution that enables companies to build and deliver their own data products more efficiently. Thanks to a collaborative and team-based user interface for data scientists and beginner analysts, to a unified framework for both development and deployment of data projects, and to immediate access to all the features and tools required to design data products from scratch, customers such as AXA, L’Oreal, Bechtel, Webbmason, Urban Insights, and many more easily apply machine learning and data science techniques to all types, sizes, and formats of raw data to build and deploy predictive data flows.

Our Mission: 
Dataiku is guided by the belief that to succeed in the world’s rapidly evolving data ecosystem, companies - no matter their industry or size - must continuously re-invent & deliver innovative data products. With this in mind, our mission  is to provide all organisations with the technological environment that will enable their teams to effectively dispense the data innovations of tomorrow. Dataiku’s revolutionary approach to collaborative data science and machine learning enables these organisations to compete with the digital giants that have blossomed in the past decade. DRI is the environmental research arm of the Nevada System of Higher Education. DRI conducts cutting-edge applied research in air, land and life, and water quality across Nevada, the United States and on every continent. With more than 500 employees and two main campuses in Reno and Las Vegas, Nevada, DRI generates more than $50 million in total annual revenue.

DRI’s faculty members are nontenured, entrepreneurial and responsible for their own salaries from external grants and contracts. This blend of academic rigor and private-sector pragmatism has earned DRI a reputation for delivering rapid, high quality environmental science in a businesslike fashion.

The institute has satellite research facilities in Boulder City, Nev., and Steamboat Springs, Colo. DataFox helps industry-leading businesses gain control of customer insights with CRM Orchestration. DataFox's machine learning and natural language processing algorithms structure data on millions of businesses and deliver reliable insights into the workflows where they're most needed.

Backed by Goldman Sachs, Green Visor, Google Ventures, and Slack, DataFox is used by high-growth startups and Fortune 500 companies like UPS, Visa, Twilio, and InsightSquared to identify and accelerate business opportunities. For more information, visit www.datafox.com. Achieve the remarkable.

genius:group is Los Angeles-based innovation hub with a mission to build and assist extraordinary companies. We contribute know-how, strategy, research, tools, and capital to launch and grow businesses in the following areas:

Business services
Supply chain services and platforms
Smart applications and devices
Applied data science
Risk management Strategic Management Analytics LLC is a management consulting firm specializing in applications of advanced business analytics and management science to critical business problems in the areas of forecasting and predictive analytics, supply chain strategy, complexity management, and pricing.  We combine deep analytics and data science skills with years of business experience and domain expertise to deliver high-quality customized services and solutions for our clients.  Utilizing an analytical, data-driven approach, we advise companies of all sizes on issues of strategic importance in today’s increasingly complex and information-rich business environment.

Strategic Management Analytics LLC conducts business under the name Strategic Management Solutions.  Please see our profile at https://www.linkedin.com/company/strategic-management-solutions---business-analytics-for-strategic-advantage for additional information. Automated sourcing for small businesses.

Running a small business is hard work. Quotable automates your sourcing, leaving you to get on with growing your business. We take care of finding suppliers and getting the best costs for your external services, wether it's a leak in the office roof or planning the christmas party. Outsource your sourcing for free at www.quotable.tech and get on with your day.

You can sell with Quotable too. Subscribe to specific job alerts and quote directly to buyers.

Buy, Sell & Grow with Quotable. The Sterling Group is a high performance executive search firm.  Many of our clients are among the best led, best managed companies in the world.  

One of our clients, a Fortune 75 firm with one of the leading reputations in the world, recently conducted a vendor performance review that rated us the:
•	Single most effective recruiting firm out of over 200 firms.
•	#1 firm for satisfaction with the recruiting process.  

Our mission is to have people and companies thrive.  What’s unique about us is that we: 1) deliver the results, and 2) leave our clients with greater power, passion and engagement.  

Our industry specialties include:
•	Consumer Goods and Services
•	Engineered Products, Services & Solutions
•	The Internet of Things 

Our fields of expertise are:
•	General Management
•	Marketing – including strategy, product management and insights
•	Professional Sales – including business development
•	IT, Engineering & Operations – including software, data science, design, manufacturing, program management and supply chain

Each of our practice leaders has twenty or more years of recruiting experience and has owned their own search firm.  Their expertise, accountability and ability to connect with what’s important to people adds value to your search process, your business, and your team. 

Together, let's build a business that thrives! Our mission is to provide customers solutions/product in the sphere of Data Governence, Business process Reengineering, Data warehousing and Business Intelligence, Business Analytics, Mobile Computing, Cloud ccomputing at the minimum TCO and maximum ROI.

We have the experience in developing projects based on Open Source Software. We have expertise in the following Domain:
* Banking and Finance
* Sales and Marketing
* Retail
* Supply Chain Management
* Health Care
* Insurance
* Manufacturing
* Security and Fraud Detection
* Tourism and hospitality industry
* Agriculture
* R&D and Laboratory Science

Our product/services are unique and are based on proven Open Source Software and commercial software.

    Pentaho, Talend, Rapid Analytics, Jaspersoft – Business Intelligence and Business Analytics
    Hadoop, Hive, Hbase, Cassandra – Big Data and large scale Data Analytics.
    Bonita, iFlow, Open ProcessMaker, Activity - BPM
    Jboss, Tomcat, Glassfish – Application Server.
    Oracle, MS sql server, MySQL cluster, Postgresql Cluster, Firebird – Database.
    Mule ESB, Talend ESB, Patel ESB - ESB We are a Data & Analytics firm based out of Bangalore started our operation in 2017 with one of the fortune 500 companies. We now have good client base serving in different industries like Healthcare, Retail, BFSI, Media & Entertainment, Internet of things (IoT), Oil & Gas, Renewable Energy etc. We help solving our customers’ business problems with best-in class data science solutions and innovative approaches. We excel in the art of seeing through the data and look beyond what is being obvious. We positioned ourselves as analytics consultants rather than just providing data, reports & dashboards. We are a team with good blend of talent in terms of Technique, Technology, Expertise & Experience. Techniqpeople is a company that focuses on highly educated international engineers. Attracting international knowledge for our region is also an aim of Brainport International Community.

Focus of techniqpeople

Techniqpeople attracts the highly educated technical talents for the Dutch industry and gives them the opportunity to present themselves to the companies that are successful at R&D and science, engineering, IT & software development, manufacturing and supply chain & operations fields . 

Initially we focus on engineers from Turkey because the demand of the Dutch industry for highly educated engineers is high. Technical talents who post their profiles on the website are the graduates from the universities in Turkey (Ankara and Istanbul) with which Dutch Universities (like TU Delft, TU Eindhoven, Universiteit Twente) have a very good relationship.

Our working method

Companies can log in to the techniqpeople website for free and can search for the people they need. The personal data is not posted on the website, if companies would like to invite people for an interview, they will contact techniqpeople. Techniqpeople can place the successful candidates in clients projects for a certain period of time or may charge companies a recruitment fee. Polyglotted - ‘Data Supply Chain Company’

Who we are
----------------
A few talented technologists. We have spent a couple decades understanding data technologies and investment banking. We have built multiple award winning data analytics solutions.


What we bring
-------------------
A passion for technology. We build software that is modern and relevant at lower total cost of ownership. We understand security, reliability and scalability as the cornerstones of successful solutions in the enterprise space. We operate with complete transparency at all times.

Our Solution
-----------------
A micro-service based platform that provides continuous and non-invasive data collection, storage and near real-time, efficient and fast query capability. We offer a Software-As-A-Service product to provide data analytics and insights. Clarke Analytics is a specialized consulting company helping clients make more data driven business decisions through the use of data analytics
The company uses a low risk, low cost business driven agile methodology to enable the internal and external collaborations required to be successful
Clarke Analytics has extensive experience in the analytics technology space and a wide network of collaborative partners
Specific industries of excellence are smart manufacturing, supply chain and healthcare Alphinite Analytics leverages data science to transform your historical data into effective business strategies to enable smarter and faster decisions. We provide services across a wide array of industries including but not limited to Retail, E-Commerce, CPG, Advertising, Travel & Transportation and Financial services. We employ our distinctive thinking and strong knowledge base  to break out of conventional 'all-inclusive' approach and attempt to derive a business solution which best suits to your organization. We help businesses to streamline their operational efficiency through focused target marketing, improved sales, better supply-chain management and enhanced customer base. Interprise Software is the world’s most comprehensive supply chain automation solution for buying groups, franchises, cooperatives and other group purchasing organizations.

Before the days of eBay, Amazon and Google, commercial enterprise was strictly prohibited on the Internet.  In 1995 the US National Science Foundation finally ended the restrictions on commercial traffic, and in 1997 Interprise Software was launched.  We did not invent the concept of delivering enterprise software over the Internet, but we have spent over a decade perfecting it through more than a dozen government research grants.  That’s what has enabled us to provide enterprise-class functionality to nearly 100 customers over the Internet, or through “the cloud”. BJPCE Limited specialise in providing practical activities to enliven all types of training and education including:
Supply Chain
- Supply chain training games
- Forecasting games and practical workshops
Schools work
- LEGO training and workshops
- Development and delivery of hands-on maths and science activities
IT Training (Data integration, Supply chain, SAP)
- Contract training for delivery of existing in-house courses
- New course development THE COMPANY

Learn Valley Ltd. is a leading European company, providing learning and knowledge management solutions. Based in Sofia, Bulgaria and with partners across the globe, Learn Valley Ltd. delivers world-class education services to help tackle today's and tomorrow's work challenges.

Our team combines over two decades of award-winning experience in the field of information technology and project management learning delivery and education consulting. We focus on assessing private and organizational learning needs and objectives, and delivering world-class learning services and consulting.

From conducting individual and organization-wide knowledge management effort to delivering instructor-led training, blended learning programs and customized training paths, benchmarking the results against industry standards and providing accurate reporting and recommendations for next steps in the learning process, we are focused on delivering measurable results that directly benefit the bottom-line of our customers.

MISSION AND VISION

Our mission is to deliver flexible learning services that are designed to effectively bridge the gap between individuals and organizations’ current capability states and desired future states. Our vision and firm belief is that learning and development is the single most important source of competitive advantage for individuals and organizations in the knowledge economy and as such should be handled with uncompromising attention to detail and long-term focus on objectives and results.

DATA PROTECTION

Learn Valley Ltd. is a registered Data Controller, License №431086, issued by the Commission for Personal Data Protection in Republic of Bulgaria. River Cam helps companies to develop their strategies and improve their operations, using traditional methodologies as well as data science / data analytics and machine learning.

Some projects we have done:

● Extensive engagement for a multinational conglomerate that sells distilled spirits and products for the farming industry, which involves:
- Interim Operations Management (production and supply chain) at one of their offices/plants in Lima, Peru
- Performance and Process Improvement consultancy work, using Lean tools
- Development and implementation of Strategy and Marketing, working closely with the Managing Director

● Entrepreneurship advisory project for a digital marketing company

● Performance Improvement consultancy work for a multinational provider of electrical/electronic equipment at their office in Lima, Peru http://www.BrightGreenConsulting.com

Sustainability & Strategy Associates 

Based in Seattle, Washington  - with associates located across the United States, Europe, and Africa -  Bright Green Consulting delivers experience in business strategies, sustainability assessments, performance improvement, and business intelligence. 

Sustainability Strategies

Expert facilitation for stakeholder-driven strategies.  Leading stakeholder groups to develop partnerships, project strategies, and new business opportunities.  Investor due diligence for clean technology, social ventures, and sustainable sourcing businesses. 
	•	Strategy Facilitation 
	•	Triple Bottom Line Strategies
	•	Change Management
	•	Investor Due Diligence
	•	Risk Assessment
	•	Ethical Sourcing

Performance Measurement and Management

Results-Based Management and supply chain sustainability consulting experience, in cocoa, palm oil, forestry, clean technology, and global conservation measures initiatives.  Operational Frameworks for sustainability — strengthening business value hand-in-hand with social and environmental responsibility in operations and supply chains.
	•	Sustainability Assessments
	•	Results-Based Management
	•	Monitoring and Evaluation 
	•	Conservation Science
	•	Balanced Scorecards

Business Intelligence

Software business requirements, systems architecture, and data governance planning for web-based software and performance measurement information systems.  
	•	Data-Driven Strategies
	•	Information System Design
	•	Performance Reporting
	•	Data Visualization & Dashboards Grectronics Corporation, registered as GTE, is an ASIC and SOC fabless Semiconductor Company specializing in Microcontrollers and Power Management integrated circuits designs for green technologies. 

Grectronics Corporation is an ASIC and SOC fabless Semiconductor Company specializing in Microcontrollers and Power Management integrated circuits (IC) designs for green technologies. We holding our own Patents in systematic/chip/module level patents. We provide high-performance, high-quality, high-reliability (high-temp, high-voltage, high-radiation) IC.

Available in 3 locations across globe. Qingdao, China is our headquarter (System Design Architecture / Validation/Execution); Roseville, US (IC Design / Architecture / Validation); Penang, Malaysia (IC Backend Execution / Supply Chain).

We are funded by MESNEC, the world largest tire manufacturer solution company. We are providing one stop solution for variable-speed motor controller and mobile cold chain, from IC chip to the system solution.

We partner with Highly (Group) Co., Ltd. is a world leading manufacturer of home air conditioning compressor and other related parts. We are having joint development with Highly on the compressor controller system and solution.

Partner to Qingdao University of Science & Technology: The only university specialist in rubber development in Asia. We are having research collaboration on the optimization solution of AC power controller module.

Partner with Silterra: A Malaysia wafer fabrication house. Collaboration in motor controller and MEMS sensors. Exploring the future of Data Science & Logistics.

Data2Move is a research community and eco-system on the interface of Internet of Things, Big Data and Logistics / Supply Chain Management.

Academics and students from TU/e and Tilburg University collaborate with prominent industry partners to deliver results that are both practically and scientifically relevant. Blue Ltd is an aquatic management consulting practice. We work across the wet environment in science, in business, in policy and above all with people.

Our capability is on oceans, seas, coasts and rivers. In addition to offering a range of sustainability related services we will work with you on all aspects of your project. From initial thinking; to planning and inception, supply chain, financing and risk; through data gathering, analysis and consultation to results, project close and knowledge transfer.

We know about people, water, biodiversity, flooding and climate change.

Our services include:

Water
o	Strategy & Planning 
o	Integrated coastal management (ICM) 
o	Marine spatial planning 
o	Aquatic environmental science 
o	Flood risk management 

Climate change
o	Impacts & adaptation 
o	Risk assessment 
o	Decision support & capacity building	

Management
o	Business development and growth 
o	Project and programme management 
o	Project recovery
		
People
o	Stakeholder engagement 
o	Partnership building 
o	Knowledge Transfer (KT)


We work globally on natural resource projects, infrastructure projects, community projects, research projects, and economic development projects. Also we work on national and international policy instruments.

Blue Ltd operates networks; networks of people from different places and with different skill sets. From independent knowledge workers to major consulting firms. We pride ourselves on our flexibility and cultural awareness. We LOVE diversity…

We are not hidebound by tradition, position or status. You get the full attention of a highly experienced and motivated team.

Contact Us

Katherine Kennedy [GMT +0]

katherine@blueconsulting.co.uk
 +44 (0) 7970 877008 Analytics Central was founded in 2014. 

It is a co-operative partnership between several leading analysts aiming to build innovative solutions to complex problems. 

With experience across several fields, including utilities, oil and gas, finance and supply chain, Analytics Central is here to help businesses tackle its most complex business problems. We are a UK and International recruitment consultancy offering unique services to our clients across 

► Automotive Consulting, Software Engineering, 
► Supply Chain, Procurement, Sourcing
► Data Science, 
► Big Data, 
► DevOps & Cloud Technology, 

We represent many professionals at all levels and recruit for clients in Europe within the above sectors

At J First we are passionate about connecting talented people.

We ensure that both our clients and candidates benefit from our service by helping to create high performance teams with excellent career prospects

Established in 2002

Our history includes sourcing and placing high calibre candidates into leading roles within the Nordic, DACH regions as well as the UK, Netherlands and Belgium.

Our approach is predominantly tailored to our clients needs, and in most cases no two requirements are the same. Strategic Management Solutions is a management consulting firm specializing in applications of advanced business analytics and management science to critical business problems in the areas of forecasting and predictive analytics, supply chain strategy, complexity management, and pricing.  We combine deep analytics and data science skills with years of business experience and domain expertise to deliver high-quality customized services and solutions for our clients.  Utilizing an analytical, data-driven approach, we advise companies of all sizes on issues of strategic importance in today’s increasingly complex and information-rich business environment. HehGo Solutions is a data science and business analytics company. We build data driven analytical and predictive solutions for marketing, sales, supply chain, finance and other organizations. We also offer a range of complete solutions for deeper diving in business. Our product/technology expertise lies in R, Python, Excel (+PowerPivot/PowerView).

Our clients invite us to write statistical/analytical models and get complete and ready-to-go solutions for their businesses.  We have strong experience in solving data driven use-cases for Security Log Analytics, Time Series DBs and Analysis, building Recommendation Engines, increasing Click-Through Rate (CTR) and doing Optimization tasks.

Our team members are the Top competitors on Kaggle and Innocentive. They have experience in finance and analytics from the global companies.

Majority of our potential clients are in Banking & Insurance, Healthcare, Media & Sports, Transport & Logistics, Retail, Manufacturing, professional services. Pharmaceuticals Business Intelligence
We leverage the power of data science to help pharmaceutical distribution companies optimising their supply chain.
 IT/IS solutions using AI and Data Science for Climate issues, affordable health, IoT projects. Using a combination of advanced analytics and artificial intelligence (AI) to improve decision making across business processes, from research and design to supply chain and risk management accross technologies for organizations have been increasingly turning to . Dr. Gurdal Ertek, with more than 25 years of education and experience in science, engineering, business, and teaching, has created Ertek Projects to hereby share his professional experience and know-how.
 
Through ErtekProjects.com, visitors can gain access to research publications and data, online training, open source software and even Dr. Ertek’s own musical compositions. The centerpiece of the Ertek Projects website is Dr. Ertek’s research publications that include research abstracts and downloadable draft papers.
 
The topics of research publications range from data mining analysis of wind turbine accidents to analysis of supply chain perception gaps, from creation of new knowledge in strategic management through semantic networks to benchmarking of educational institutes. The industries covered include automotive, education, finance and banking, healthcare, retail, renewable energy. The methodologies covered include data envelopment analysis (DEA), association mining, graph visualization, machine learning, text mining, optimization, simulation, and statistics.

In the area of online training, Dr. Ertek and his colleagues offer modules for self-development of business professionals. Educational modules shared in Ertek Projects include Orange Data Mining Software Tutorial, Warehouse Management Educational Materials, Concept Mapping Tutorial, Omniscope Software Tutorial, OPL Studio Software Tutorial, Lekin Scheduling Software Tutorial and many more.

Rounding out the Ertek Projects online experience are Open Decisions, sharing open source software projects of Dr. Ertek and colleagues, a link to a website dedicated to research and data on wind turbine accidents and links to blogs in the Turkish language that focus on data science, international education and living as an expat, and motivating university students.

The name "Gurdal," in Turkish, means "tree with many splendored branches," so the Ertek Projects logo is visually bolstered by fruits...fruits which are representative of the projects Dr. Gurdal Ertek is involved in. The fruits are orange and citrus fruits, which are the native fruits of Dr. Ertek’s hometown of Tarsus, in the Turkish province of Mersin. The color orange also represents sincerity, friendliness, openness, dynamism and change, which symbol some of the character traits of Dr. Gurdal Ertek.
 We specialize in marketing science, research and business intelligence through our consulting services in: data integration and management, forecasting, finance, budget and supply chain management, market research, and custom data analysis through all phases of product and business life cycles. Shenzhen Chenghesheng Technology Co., Ltd. was founded in March 23, 2014, the company‘s founder has more than 20 years from the Taiwan business management experience, more than 10 years of domestic electric business marketing business management experience.

Companies rely on the electronics industry in Shenzhen supply chain industry advantages, focus on automotive electronics and mobile phone peripheral electronic product development, for the global market.

CHILCAR brand was registered in 2015 in China and the United States simultaneously by the Shenzhen Chenghesheng Science and Technology Co., Ltd.， In 2016 in the United States and the Chinese market simultaneously launched mobile phone data line products.

CHILCAR brand proposed to provide consumers with faster and more secure charging device for mobile phones and other digital accessories. At the same time the introduction of products with quality problems within one year through the video certification can be free to send new features after-sales service.
 We are the leading service provider and helping the top-in-line publishers of the world to unlock innovative revenue opportunities in the hurriedly growing digital and mobile centric marketplace. We provide publishing solutions to the market leaders that help them to make huge gains in cost and quality. We have numerous years of experience in digital asset management, full service project management, editorial development, distribution, publishing and digital content production. 

We mainly focus in optimizing the content supply chain of our clients. We specialize in content conversion, eBook production, editorial and design services, custom content development, content technology solutions and much more. We are well equipped with team of experts who are well aware with monographs, dictionaries, college textbooks, science technology and medicine, educational course materials, reference materials, non-fiction and fiction, educational, and high quality academic materials.

When it comes to pre-publishing services, we are the one on which you can trust completely. We believe in delivering top-notch quality services to our clients including content transformation services and end-to-end content management services, e-Publishing, data conversion, high quality digital typesetting etc. We believe in working with the publishers that helps us to create and deliver innovative content to the readers as per their needs, while offering agility and new digital products to the publishers with ease. Annual 2018 TEXATA Big Data Analytics World Championships for Business and Enterprise. This global event is a fun, innovative and challenging business educational competition for students and professionals to develop and test their Big Data Analytics and Machine Learning skills against their friends, colleagues and top big data experts from around the world. World's leading community partners, biggest sponsors and outstanding competitors (www.texata.com)

TEXATA Global Training Camps are hosted in India, Australia, UK, Texas, New York and San Francisco (www.gtc.texata.com) for professionals looking to build intermediate-to-advanced technical skills in Big Data Analytics, Data Science, Business Analytics, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. Averity is a team-based technology recruiting firm in New York City.  Our strength and difference is that our teams are specialized in niche markets only in New York.  Our niches include OpenSource and Web Engineering; Data Science; and DevOps, SysOps and Infrastructure.  Find something you're good at, and do it better than anyone else.

People hire people. Looking for the best opportunity and hiring the right person is more than an application and a resume. The hiring and interviewing process can be time consuming and tolling, which requires a trusted source to aid in communication, screening, preparation, scheduling, and feedback. 

Averity's difference is simple: an unparalleled experience for everyone we interact with. We believe in a culture of world class service.  We take pride in our integrity in the recruiting industry.  This is not a boiler room and there are no cubes.  

Please read our reviews on Glassdoor, Google and Yelp.

Averity  began out of the desire to create a different recruitment firm in New York City that not only provides the highest level of service to its clients and candidates, but also creates a positive team-oriented work environment where together everyone achieves more. The success is based heavily on the production of the team, not just the individual, creating a culture based on core values of Communication, Ethics, Innovation, Positive-Energy and Delivery. 

There is a gap in connecting top tier talent within the Information Technology and Engineering sectors. As these industries continue to grow, the demand for a sophisticated web presence, monetization of data through business intelligence and a realizable return on online advertising will continue to increase. Averity will aim to fill a void left by other permanent placement and contract-staffing agencies  84.51° brings together customer data, predictive analytics and marketing strategy to drive sales growth and customer loyalty for Kroger and more than 300 consumer-packaged-goods companies in the U.S. Our programs achieve business objectives by driving awareness, trial, sales uplift, earned media impressions and ultimately, customer loyalty. Using a sophisticated, proprietary suite of tools and technology, we turn customer data into knowledge, resulting in a more enlightened, more personal, dynamic approach to putting the customer at the center of every business decision. 

We excel at challenging convention and pushing beyond the limits of what’s comfortable with fearless hearts and limitless minds. Our goal is a relentless customer-first commitment. Join us at 84.51°.
 Westat, demonstrating technical and managerial excellence since 1963, is recognized as one of the foremost research, statistical survey, and communications organizations in the United States. We provide services to agencies of the U.S. Government, as well as businesses, foundations, and state and local governments.

Expertise

• Data Collection & Management
• Clinical Trials
• Statistical Research & Survey Methods
• Evaluation
• Communications & Social Marketing

Staff and Locations

Westat’s staff of more than 2,000 are located at our headquarters in Rockville, Maryland, near Washington, DC. Additional staff are located at Westat’s data collection survey processing facilities, at our Telephone Research Center facilities, and throughout our nationwide field operations.

Westat also maintains research offices near our clients in Atlanta, Georgia; Cambridge, Massachusetts; Raleigh/Durham, North Carolina; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Houston, Texas; and San Antonio, Texas. We have international offices in Beijing, China; Liberia, Costa Rica; Addis Ababa, Ethiopia; Johannesburg, South Africa; and Bangkok, Thailand.

Westat is committed to providing accessible media on LinkedIn. Should you experience difficulties with any posted media, please send us a message at Section508Coordinator@westat.com. An alternative format will be provided upon request. DataRobot powers the AI-driven enterprise. Its breakthrough invention of automated machine learning empowers users throughout the organization to consistently make business decisions unmatched in simplicity, speed, and accuracy. The DataRobot platform evaluates hundreds of cutting-edge machine learning algorithms to discover, deploy, and customize the best predictive models for every situation. DataRobot delivers the most accurate predictions at scale, providing the fastest path to data science success for organizations of all sizes. Paradigm is now part of Emerson, forming the largest independent developer of software-enabled solutions to the global oil and gas industry. Paradigm's easy-to-use technology and workflows provide customers with deeper insight into the subsurface by combining leading-edge science, high-performance desktop and cluster computing, and scalable data management, delivering highly accurate results and productivity without compromise.
 Zeta Global is a data-driven technology company that acquires and retains customers through the power of people-based, precision marketing. We create optimized customer experiences by leveraging data science, strategy, analytics, and award-winning creative to create a perpetual dialogue between brands and their customers, throughout the day, every day. Founded by David A. Steinberg and John Sculley (former CEO of Apple Computer and Pepsi-Cola) in 2007, we're a data-driven marketing technology pioneer. Our SaaS-based Zeta hub helps 500+ Fortune 1000 and Middle Market brands acquire, retain and grow customer relationships through actionable data, advanced analytics, and machine learning. Operating in four continents with over 1,300 employees, we're headquartered in New York City, with Centers of Excellence in Silicon Valley, Boston, London, and Hyderabad, India, and 25 additional offices around the globe. Think Big Analytics, A Teradata Company, is a global business analytics consultancy. Teradata empowers companies to achieve high-impact business outcomes. With a portfolio of business analytics solutions, architecture consulting, and industry-leading big data and analytics technology, Teradata unleashes the potential of great companies. Visit thinkbiganalytics.com.    Tiger Analytics is an advanced analytics consulting firm enabling enterprises to generate business value through data. Today, we are the trusted data sciences and data engineering partner for several Fortune 100 companies, who are leaders in their respective industries. We bring deep expertise in marketing science, customer analytics, and operations & planning analytics. 

We are headquartered in the Silicon Valley and have our global delivery center in Chennai, India.

Recognition
----------------
1) Deloitte - Among 20 fastest growing tech companies in India in 2016 and 2017.
2) Forrester - Strong Performer in Customer Analytics Services
3) Gartner - Feature in Gartner's 2017 report on Data Science and Machine Learning Providers
4) Frost & Sullivan - Intelligent Analytics enabling Technology Leadership Award
5) Smart CEO Magazine - Top 50 Startups
 Jobspring Partners, part of the Motion Recruitment network, provides IT Staffing Solutions (Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Direct Hire) across North America to include major markets: Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Washington DC, Chicago, San Francisco, Silicon Valley, Los Angeles, Orange County, and Toronto.

Jobspring Partners offers their deep expertise in the highest demand tech skill sets, such as UI/UX, Open Source, Mobile, Microsoft Development, Data Science, AI, DevOps/Infrastructure, and Network Security. Our high-touch, highly specialized teams create rich networks and amass deep knowledge of our localized technology markets resulting in a truly consultative approach and exemplary track record of results.

Jobspring is also a proud creator of Tech in Motion and the Timmy Awards; our North American events and awards connect nearly 100,000 tech enthusiasts to meet, learn, and innovate in their communities and beyond. Workbridge Associates, part of the Motion Recruitment network, provides IT Staffing Solutions (Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Direct Hire) across North America to include major markets: Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Washington DC, Chicago, Dallas, San Francisco, Silicon Valley, Los Angeles, Orange County, and Toronto.

Workbridge Associates offers their deep expertise in the highest demand tech skill sets, such as UI/UX, Open Source, Mobile, Microsoft Development, Data Science, AI, DevOps/Infrastructure, and Network Security. Our high-touch, highly specialized teams create rich networks and amass deep knowledge of our localized technology markets resulting in a truly consultative approach and exemplary track record of results.

Workbridge is also a proud creator of Tech in Motion and the Timmy Awards; our North American events and awards connect nearly 100,000 tech enthusiasts to meet, learn, and innovate in their communities and beyond. In 2016, Verisk Analytics was 1 of only 14 companies named to Forbes’ World’s Most Innovative Companies and America’s Best Large Employers lists. Our workplace culture also earned the Great Place to Work® Certification. That’s only part of our story…

Verisk (Nasdaq:VRSK) is a leading data analytics company serving customers in insurance, financial services, and natural resources. We help customers make better decisions with greater precision, efficiency, and discipline. The Verisk family includes ISO, Wood Mackenzie, Verisk Maplecroft, Verisk Insurance Solutions, Xactware, AIR Worldwide, Argus, 3E Company, and AER.

Our customers include:
-	the top 100 property/casualty insurers in the U.S. for the lines of services we offer 
-	the top 10 global reinsurers
-	8 of the top 10 global chemical manufacturers
-	8 of the top 10 global energy providers
-	28 of the top 30 credit card issuers in North America, the UK, and Australia

A few of our unique data assets:
-	telematics data collected by the Verisk Data Exchange™ from 900,000 vehicles covering 3 billion+ trip miles
-	1.5 billion depersonalized credit and debit card accounts aggregated for financial institutions worldwide
-	3 million+ wells drilled by 90,000 different companies for    upstream oil and gas exploration 
-	1 billion+ claims in the ISO ClaimSearch® fraud-fighting database 

We’re headquartered in Jersey City, New Jersey, and operate in 27 countries. Our 6,000+ employees have built Verisk into a trusted global data powerhouse by contributing their expertise in statistical modeling, data science, actuarial science, chemistry, physics, engineering, economics, predictive analytics, and more. 

We advance issues of global and national importance and support and volunteer in communities in which we work and live. Read more about our commitment to corporate social responsibility at http://www.verisk.com/csr, and follow us here on LinkedIn and on our Twitter, YouTube, Facebook, and Google+ social media channels. GRAIL is a life sciences company whose mission is to detect cancer early, when it can be cured. GRAIL is using the power of high-intensity sequencing, population-scale clinical trials, and state of the art Computer Science and Data Science to enhance the scientific understanding of cancer biology and develop blood tests for early-stage cancer detection. 

The company has secured over $1B in venture funding led by ARCH Venture Partners and including Amazon, Bezos Expeditions, Bill Gates, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Celgene, GV, Illumina, Johnson & Johnson Innovation, Merck, McKesson Ventures, Sutter Hill Ventures, Tencent, Varian Medical Systems, and other financial partners. 

If you’re ready to join a mission with meaning, bring your passion to GRAIL. Together we will make history in the fight against cancer. RCG Global Services is a Business Consulting & Technology Implementation Professional Services firm with over 4 decades of experience applying industry focused expertise to affect business change, enable digital transformation, and deliver measured value and impact.  

Global practices include Strategy & Advisory, Data & Analytics, and Business Applications Managed Services.  We leverage innovative frameworks and accelerators, while following a predictable and repeatable approach to plan, design, integrate, and implement turn-key solutions via Managed Outcome and Managed Services models that are custom-tailored to our clients business strategy and initiatives.  

Specialized services include business focused Hadoop-based Data Management and Advanced Analytics solutions within the Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare, Retail, Entertainment & Hospitality, Manufacturing, and Energy & Utilities industry domains.  


Our Brand Promise:
 
Our reputation is built upon the premise that we are a company that listens.

We bring a creative view to business initiatives.

We are collaborative and accountable as we jointly create client solutions.

We continuously innovate from concept to result and help affect business change.

There will be no surprises. RStudio provides open source and enterprise-ready professional software for the R statistical computing environment. We started RStudio because we were excited and inspired by R. RStudio products, including RStudio IDE and the web application framework RStudio Shiny, simplify R application creation and web deployment for data scientists and data analysts. Greenplum Database® is an advanced, fully featured, open source data warehouse. It provides powerful and rapid analytics on petabyte scale data volumes. Uniquely geared toward big data analytics, Greenplum Database is powered by the world’s most advanced cost-based query optimizer delivering high analytical query performance on large data volumes.

Greenplum Database® project is released under the Apache 2 license. We want to thank all our current community contributors and are interested in all new potential contributions. For the Greenplum Database community no contribution is too small, we encourage all types of contributions. Clarity Insights is the largest consulting company in the US that focuses exclusively on data strategy, engineering, science and visualization. We help our clients—Fortune 1000 companies across multiple industries—leverage data and analytics to find actionable insights that can help them seize new opportunities and solve their toughest business challenges. What started as a group of 200 people, all focused on a single project – to build and operate the world’s longest linear accelerator – has grown over the last 50 years into a large and diverse workforce that performs and supports cutting-edge research across a variety of disciplines. Our 1,600 employees include scientists, engineers, technicians and specialists in a wide range of operational support areas, from human resources and business services to facilities, security and maintenance, all working together in a collaborative environment.
 
SLAC employs the best and brightest minds in their fields, and every member of our staff, working individually and in teams, makes important contributions to our success. By tapping into the interest and motivation of our employees and offering guidance and opportunities for development, we seek to provide an enriching work environment. 
 
As Stanford employees, SLAC staff members have the opportunity to partner with other world-class talent at one of the world’s best universities and can also take advantage of the many educational and social opportunities that Stanford offers. Global Science & Technology was founded in 1991. 

Currently, Global Science & Technology has offices in six locations: Greenbelt, Maryland; Arlington, Virginia; Fairmont, West Virginia; Boulder, Colorado; and Asheville, North Carolina. 

Global Science & Technology has built a highly specialized workforce that includes experts in key domains of engineering, science, communications, and information technology. Global Science & Technology provides all levels of scientific and technical expertise and  support within the federal Research and Development (R&D) laboratory environment. 

Global Science & Technology’s major clients include NASA Goddard Space Flight Center(GSFC), NASA Headquarters, NOAA, Department of Defense (DoD), Department of Justice (DOJ), and the State of West Virginia. Much of Global Science & Technology’s work has been in direct support of NASA and NOAA science missions and related data systems. 

Global Science & Technology’s signature emphasis is on systems interoperability and solutions based on open standards to create efficiencies and reduce overall cost of operations. AdTheorent is a machine learning-powered predictive advertising company, utilizing machine learning and predictive analytics to connect advertisers with their optimal audiences, at scale. AdTheorent’s Data Science team leverages an award winning machine learning platform connected to a Cross-Environment Map consisting of 600MM devices across 90MM US households.  AdTheorent’s platform combines millions of data attributes into custom models to drive campaign results, far outperforming industry standards, to predict and identify users most likely to engage with an advertiser’s message. AdTheorent’s Studio A\T creative organization helps advertisers develop the most effective creative assets, content and technology solutions to engage with audiences.  AdTheorent’s award winning attribution division – MRC-accredited Barometric - provides attribution solutions based on real-world outcomes. For more information, please visit adtheorent.com.
 ERGO is a market leader in data-driven, hyper personalized, adaptive algorithmic email journey design and deployment. It’s a mouthful, but very cool stuff that is driving enormous returns for our blue chip clients. The best way to explain it would be to envision reading your favorite magazine, and every page you turn it became more relevant to you and it seemed like it was able to anticipate what you wanted.  Sparity is a leading technology company that provides Global Software Consulting Services and Delivery Management Solutions. We are dedicated to helping customers manage the global convergence of Software, Cloud and Mobile Connected devices. 

At Sparity, we love technology and are driven by passion and innovation that improves our customer’s operations.

Established in 2010 with a goal to become a global innovation & Development partner, Sparity works with Startups, ISV’s, Small & Medium Businesses that are driven by mobility & analytics. At the intersection of product innovation, we offer ideation, design, development & managed services to our partners.

Our Vision is to become the company of choice for enterprises with an idea to change the world. We aim to be the “Innovation and Execution” champions.

Our Mission  is to provide the highest business value to its customers and lives by its operating philosophy “Shorten Time to Value”. 

Our Service offerings:
Full Stack Engineering, Developer Operations, IT Security Management, Data Science & Analytics, Mobility, ERP & CRM, Quality Assurance, Project Management & Business Analysis.

We Connect People & Things , We analyse Data, We build Apps, We bring Ideas to Life !! Our experts working in Insight and Decision Science (IDS) are at the forefront of understanding consumers and creating actionable insight about their behaviours, attitudes, needs, how they like to interact and what makes them tick. This consumer intelligence helps deliver a better experience  and service to consumers and improves marketing performance. We have developed, and are responsible for, one of the most powerful, large-scale consumer data sets in the World, combining detailed consumer cross-platform viewing behaviours with transactions, interactions, profiles, needs, attitudes and preferences across a wide breadth of UK and ROI households. We deliver a premium service to many parts key parts of Sky and are truly dedicated to helping achieve their objectives. We are forward-thinking and customer-centric, everything we do is thorough and rigorous and is driven by passion.

IDS employs a considerable team across five locations in a variety of specialist skills including data development, analytics, research, report development, decision execution, CRM, insight consultancy, software development and econometrics and has a very extensive and deep stakeholder base across 30+ areas of Sky, covering every subject – from acquisition to retention, from on-screen to online, from marketing effectiveness to targeted advertising. Sky IDS is a people-oriented organisation which takes personal development very seriously, so we’ll help you to grow, with excellent training and development opportunities from the very start. INSART (http://www.insart.com) is a FinTech & Java Engineering company.

We can build a FinTech and/or Java-based software product from scratch or support & re-engineer current solution using microservices and service oriented approach.

We cover full SDLC and all layers of software system architecture.

Established in 1993, INSART has headquarters in New York, the United States, and software engineering and R&D labs in Kharkiv and Kyiv, Ukraine.

Nowadays, INSART is a mature and remarkably qualified team that offers a host of advantages any one of which can become mission-critical in making your software project a success.

Currently, INSART employs a team of 50+ eminently qualified IT professionals. As a favorably located employer, we are fully positioned to augment any of our project teams whenever required. Typically, an INSART project team consists of 5 to 15 software developers and QA engineers, a team lead and a project manager.

You can learn more about INSART at www.INSART.com

Email: sales@insart.com -- we will reply within 24 hours
Call us: +1-914-294-3318

FinTech expertise: 
- Online Payment Systems & Payment Processing
- Wealth Management & Robo-advisors
- Lending & Fundraising
- Trading Platforms & Algorithms
- Insurances & InsurTech
- Online Security
- Blockchain & Cryptocurrencies
- Big Data Analytics

Technologies by system architecture layers:
- Backend/Server: Java EE, Spring, Hibernate, JBoss, Tomcat, WebLogic, Tapestry, Faces, EJB
- Frontend/Web: JavaScript, Angular.js, Ember.js, React.js, Backbone.js, REST, HTML5, CSS3
- SQL DBs: PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle, MS SQL Server, IBM DB2
- NoSQL DBs: MongoDB, Couchbase, Neo4j
- Big Data​: Spark, Hadoop, Hazelcast, Kafka, Elasticsearch
- Data Science & Analytics: R, Python, C++, OLAP, MatLab
- Mobile: Android Java, iOS Objective-C, Cordova, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3
- Embedded: C/C++, Embedded Linux
- Cloud: Amazon AWS, Heroku MBN Solutions are an award winning Recruitment and 'People Solutions'​ business.  The business grown from strength to strength by focusing on high growth sectors such as Technology, Big Data, Analytics, Business Insight, Data Science and Blockchain.

We are now recognised as one of Europe's leading Data Science, Big Data, Analytics and Technology Recruitment and 'People Solutions'​ businesses.

As a result of knowing our market and being niche specialists we have an exceptional track record and have placed thousands of analytical, technology and big data professionals into some of the most profitable, innovative and fastest growing, data enabled businesses in the UK, Europe and beyond.

We have a team of talented consultants who have experience of working with candidates from the most inspirational graduates through to the very best c-suite executives.

MBN is leading the way with our big data surveys, thought Leadership and event hosting.

In response to client demands, we have extended the business to include search, assessment and talent management capabilities to the MBN Group which has ensured MBN are in the best position to support the growing demand for the very best talent. 

info@mbnsolutions.com eClinical Solutions seamlessly orchestrates clinical technology and expertise to help accelerate the clinical development process. We provide a spectrum of customized data management services and solutions including EDC, Data Management, Clinical Reporting, Data Standardization and an innovative Clinical Data Repository platform with advanced visualization and analytical capabilities.  Through experience and innovation we allow life science organizations to manage and proactively make decisions regarding clinical trials and programs.

Formed in 2006, the eClinical Solutions team has many years of experience working in the life sciences industry dedicated to clinical data management and programming.  The organization was formed to address specific needs that our Leadership team identified through their first hand experiences, specifically to provide unique and high quality solutions for efficient collection, standardization, reporting and role based utilization of clinical research data.  Through a consultative approach and the mindset realizing that each individual organization has a unique set of goals and objectives, we have been partnering with our customers to maximize the use of one of their most valuable assets, their clinical data. Are you a clinical development professional who recognizes career advancement by the ability to achieve satisfaction and growth through a focus on the work about which you are inspired?

Are you a client who has programs that require additional support and could benefit from having access to a community of experienced professionals who can apply and share their functional expertise?
 
BioBridges helps exceptional pharmaceutical, biotech, and medical device professionals pursue the work that inspires them. Our scalable Career Portfolio® Management model allows highly skilled professionals to focus on the work they are passionate about while collaborating with our clients to advance science and produce therapies for patients who need them.

Since inception in 2005, BioBridges has successfully supported hundreds of programs for emerging and established companies. Today, we support over 225 engagements and represent approximately 490 professionals. 

Interested in learning more about how BioBridges works? Watch our animated video: http://biobridges.com/how-it-works

Think BioBridges might be the right company to advocate for your career or support your programs? 

Call us: 855-416-0909
Email us: info@biobridges.com
Visit us: http://biobridges.com
 EURECOM is a Graduate school and Research Centre in digital sciences located in the Sophia Antipolis technology park (French Riviera), a major European place for telecommunications activities. 
EURECOM chose to focus its research and teaching activities on three main areas: DATA SCIENCE, DIGITAL SECURITY, COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS.

It was founded in 1991 in a consortium form [GIE]  that allowed EURECOM to build a large network of renowned academic and industrial partners. The “Institut Mines Telecom” is a founding member of EURECOM consortium. EURECOM research teams are made up of international experts, recruited at the highest level, whose work is regularly honored and has earned international recognition. 

EURECOM is particularly active in research in its areas of excellence while also training a large number of doctoral candidates. Its contractual research is recognized across Europe and contributes largely to its budget. Projects are at the heart of EURECOM’s research activity [around a 100 contracts managed each year], one of their many benefits is the wealth resulting from the collaborative work with partners. 

In 2006, EURECOM and Institut Mines Telecom received the Carnot Label based largely on their strong ties with industry. Companies play an active role in the life of EURECOM both for teaching and research and even in its administration. 

Based on the close ties it has developed with industry, EURECOM can direct an essential part of its research activities towards areas of interest for its industrial partners. One of our challenges is to fill the gap between fundamental research and the more business oriented one in our partner companies. From the beginning, the main objective set by our members was excellence on an international level. In research this excellence results in a high number of publications and patents, in the active participation to international scientific events and organizations and of course in getting many important E... Wellframe partners with leading health plans and providers to transform care management & patient engagement. Our mobile platform enables our partners to optimally leverage their existing clinical resources to provide patients with ongoing guidance and support when and where they need it. Wellframe's approach delivers improved patient experience, reduced medical spend and increased value-based revenue. We work hand-in-hand with our partners, taking a data-driven approach to evaluating performance and optimizing resource allocation for continuous improvement. For more information on Wellframe, visit http://wellframe.com. 
 Accern alerts you on actionable stories about U.S. public companies. By monitoring over 300 million public news, blog, social media websites, and financial documents, it identifies low-exposed stories and uses advanced data science to determine whether the stories are reliable and impactful. 

By using this systematic approach, Accern is able to provide users with quick delivery of actionable stories before they are exposed to the mass media. This helps our users make quicker and more informed decisions in their investment strategies.

Existing users include, but are not limited to hedge funds, asset managers, equity researchers, news media, and Fortune 500 companies. 

We are a fast-growing early-stage startup based in New York. Our mission is to provide low-exposed, reliable, and impactful stories that our users can act on immediately. We believe in transparency. We are very open with our users in the hope that we can earn their trust and provide them with the best experience possible. 

For more information, please visit www.accern.com Lingaro is an Agile BI and Analytics Company. We help companies gain a competitive advantage through faster, better and smarter BI and Analytics solutions

We are a trusted global technology partner to industry leaders listed at Fortune 500 index. We deliver end-to-end solutions notably in the areas of Big Data, Data Warehousing, Business Intelligence, Data Analysis and the Internet of Things.

Over the years Lingaro has received numerous awards. We hold especially dearly the P&G External Business Partner Excellence Award we received in 2014. Provata Health is a digital health company pioneering digital preventive medicine through the delivery of clinically proven health promotion programs to employers, health plans, and hospital systems. 

Forbes dubbed Provata as the startup leading the digital health revolution; while other media outlets including Inc., Entrepreneur, the Huffington Post, and Geekwire have celebrated Provata’s impact on the digital health landscape.

The state of the art platform is pushing the limits of digital health with gorgeous design and groundbreaking innovative features such as digital health games, virtual reality meditation, real-time access to a network of over 80,000 U.S. licensed physicians, data integrations with electronic medical records from thousands of hospitals and clinics to provide smart feedback and personalized goals post doctor visits, advanced activity tracking, health coaching, and integrations with major wearables and fitness apps. 

Provata Health digital health programs are now offered to hundreds of thousands of individuals across over 1,000 worksites. 
 9Lenses is a digital diagnostic platform that allows consultants to thrive in a data-driven market. We’re passionate about data science and the power of good insight. We’re convinced that using technology to transform business diagnostics can change the way businesses operate for the better.

Survey platforms, spreadsheets and other manual business diagnostics no longer meet today’s digital expectations. To compete in a data-driven environment, consultants must deliver secure propriety digital solutions. 9Lenses is the only diagnostic platform that digitally automates the development, collection, organization, connection, and analytics, of the consulting process. 

By transforming business diagnostics to the 9Lenses digital platform, consultants deliver more value for clients and win more business. CGS Technology Associates, Inc. is an Information Technology Services company headquartered in New Jersey.   Founded in 1983 CGS is a recognized leader in providing professional IT staffing solutions to Fortune 2000 companies in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic region with plans to expand operations into major  Eastern seaboard and Midwest  markets. CGS’ expert staff is experienced in leading-edge technologies and disciplines with domain expertise across industries that include Finance, Banking, Pharmaceutical, Mobility /Telecommunications, Management Consulting, Insurance and Consumer products.   Our Professional Services Division provides staffing services that range from Technology Architecture, Program & Project Management, Business Analysis, Application Development, Network /Infrastructure design development and support. From offices in London, Hong Kong, Singapore, Bangkok, Kuala Lumpur and Dubai, our consultants work within specialist teams recruiting for permanent, interim and temporary positions. Our core areas of expertise include: 

•	Accounting & Finance
•	Advanced Analytics & Data Science
•	Business Support
•	Business Transformation
•	Digital & e-Commerce
•	Financial Services
•	Human Resources
•	Insurance
•	Legal & Compliance
•	Life Sciences
•	Manufacturing & Engineering
•	Real Estate
•	Retail
•	Sales & Marketing
•	Supply Chain & Procurement
•	Strategy
•	Technology                  

We have a clear and bold vision to change the way the world thinks about recruitment. We want to dispel the stereotypes and myths long associated with recruitment and show people that we do things differently. We are raising the bar. We are brought together by a common set of values, which sit at the very heart of our business. This is a new world order for recruitment where insight, agility, talent, trust and results are key.

We are a team of functional and sector specialists. We deliver a genuinely consultative service that is underpinned by the depth of both our market knowledge and the client and candidate networks we have developed. We build relationships, not databases, and add real
value that helps organisations and individuals grow.

For more information, please visit our website - argyllscott.com GOW is an established recruitment specialist in Sydney and Melbourne servicing accounting & finance, financial markets and funds management, project management, support and digital transformation & marketing across financial services and commerce & industry. 

Our journey started in 2000, as a dedicated banking & finance recruitment provider. Since then GOW Recruitment has grown into a specialist provider to banking and commercial organisations in Sydney and Melbourne. We are specialists whereby each consultant will focus on their dedicated market and discipline bringing their previous experience, networks and knowledge to this market.  

With the world changing very quickly and different cities offering different opportunities we ensure our services accommodate this. 

Sydney is the heart of Australia’s banking & finance market and subsequently GOW continue to be a market leader in Sydney and Melbourne. Additionally GOW continues to grow its presence in accounting and high level executive assistants within the commercial sector. 

Our Melbourne office has diversified in terms of clients and disciplines we service. In addition to banking, we have successfully built this office around project management, technology, digital and data recruitment, within the following industries; utilities, health care, advertising and “new digital” companies. 

We pride ourselves on the most important qualities required from a consulting service. To be focused, attentive and be as efficient as possible for client companies and candidates we work with. 

Specialisation:

Sydney
Accounting & Finance – Banking, Financial Services & Commerce
Support – Banking, Financial Services & Commerce
Operations – Banking & financial services
Relationship Management & Business Development – Banking & Finance

Melbourne
Operations – Banking & Financial Services
Project Management & Digital Transformation
Technology
Digital Marketing
Data Science & Architecture


 Whil is the leader in digital wellbeing training. We help employees reduce stress, increase resiliency and improve performance with programs based in science, mindfulness and positive psychology.

Our mobile-first solutions help driven professionals accomplish their most important health, performance, relationship and sleep goals. On-demand. On any device.

We’re a team of business leaders, educators, developers and data junkies building solutions for people like us. We like science. We want proof. And we’re committed to producing outcomes that improve company cultures and help employees live healthier, happier and more engaged lives.

We offer thousands of goal-oriented training sessions that naturally engage and encourage your employees to be their best, no matter who they are or what they want to accomplish.

Whil was founded in 2014. It is a privately held company based in San Francisco, California. We are a growing startup backed by private investors, including the founders of lululemon. We are the optimization and analytics team for the world’s largest generator of renewable energy from the wind and sun. 

At WindLogics, we work every day to help create a future energy industry that is reliable, affordable and sustainable. Yes, we work on wind energy. We also work on solar, energy storage, and on smart grid and microgrid technologies. 

We solve some of the toughest atmospheric and data science problems facing the energy industry today. And because data is becoming one of the world's most valuable commodities, our job is to ask the right questions, such as: 
- How much wind and solar energy will be generated today, tomorrow and over the next 30 years?
- What will energy demand be over the next week in places like Florida, California and the Northeast markets?
- Are our solar panels performing as well as we expect them to? 
- How can Florida Power & Light optimize their Smart Grid so it operates as well as possible? 

Our team of experts in meteorology, applied math and data analytics, and software engineers are among the best in the world. In addition to working with developers of new wind and solar projects, we help utilities and power marketers operate more profitably through performance analysis, load forecasting and smart grid analytics solutions.

We thrive on creating innovative forecasting and optimization solutions that change the industry for the better. 

WindLogics is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary company of NextEra Energy Resources, LLC, North America’s leading producer of wind and solar energy. NextEra Energy Resources, LLC, is part of NextEra Energy, Inc. Other companies within NextEra Energy, Inc. include Florida Power & Light

Career Information can be found at:
http://www.windlogics.com/careers/

Learn More about NextEra Energy Resources:
https://www.nexteraenergyresources.com/home/index.shtml  Progyny is the leading fertility benefits company that combines service, science, technology and data to provide fertility solutions for self-insured employers. Progyny’s approach offers members a comprehensive value based treatment plan that is based on the latest medical science and technology. The benefit plans are designed to improve outcomes, shorten time to pregnancy and reduce total fertility-related costs. 

Progyny supports all fertility solutions to include IVF, IUI, embryo banking, egg freezing, adoption and surrogacy.  The San Diego Workforce Partnership (SDWP) is a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization chartered by the County and the City of San Diego to fund job training programs throughout the region.

Our Mission: To empower job seekers to meet the current and future workforce needs of employers in San Diego County.

Our Vision: Every business in our region has access to a skilled workforce, and every job seeker has access to meaningful employment. Our community will view us as the leader for innovative workforce solutions, which add great value to our region.

Adult Programs: SDWP funds job training programs that enable eligible adults to develop the skills and knowledge needed to meet the needs of regional employers. SDWP is a proud partner of America’s Job Center of California network. Our network of career centers and community partners assists job seekers interested in subsidized job training.

Youth Programs: SDWP funds programs that provide eligible youth with work experience and work readiness. Funded programs serve youth who are interested in furthering their education and career goals. SDWP also administers summer youth programs, including Connect2Careers and the Life Science Summer Institute.

Workforce Data & Industry Reports: SDWP serves as a vital source of information on the region’s labor market. The research team analyzes workforce needs and trends that are used by educators, trainers, employers, and researchers. 

Our Funds: The main source of SDWP funds come from the U.S. Department of Labor through the Workforce Investment Act. SDWP also seeks other funding (i.e., state, federal, corporate, philanthropic). A series of SDWP boards vet and approve how the funds will be distributed in the community. Upon approval, San Diego public and private agencies, community-based organizations, local businesses, and education institutions receive funding to manage programs benefiting laid-off workers and disengaged youth to alleviate barriers to employment. Modern agriculture is an evolving approach that helps farmers increase efficiency and reduce the amount of natural resources necessary to meet the world’s food, fuel, and fiber needs. Innovation with a purpose.
For more than 6 decades, HRL's scientists and engineers have been on the leading edge of technology, conducting pioneering research, providing real-world technology solutions, and advancing the state of the art. We continue to be recognized as one of the world's premier physical science and engineering research laboratories.
Our research collaborations with our LLC Member companies, government, commercial and academic institutions are realizing groundbreaking advances in ultra-high-performance circuitry, robust computing and communications, automated data extraction, and innovative architected materials. Our technologies operate in space, on aircraft, in automobiles, and in a variety of consumer products. These technologies make us safer, support our national security and improve our quality of life.

Our success is the result of our collaborative team of researchers, many of whom are the leading experts in their fields. Through their insights in support for our customers, we are finding the unique opportunities in technology. As we look to the future, the technologies we are enabling today will be integral to a prosperous, secure, sustainable world. ERT is a science and technology company that provides its clients with innovative services and solutions to their scientific, engineering, environmental, and information technology challenges. Headquartered in Laurel, Maryland, ERT boasts a nationwide presence, a staff of 500+ experienced professionals, and a proud 25-year history. CarTrawler is the world's leading B2B travel technology platform. We build high-yield partnerships for travel businesses such as airlines, online travel agents and accommodation providers by connecting their customers with car rental, private transfers and rail connections all over the world.
Our service is designed around the needs of three audiences:
CarTrawler provides car rental, private transfer and rail solutions with a highly efficient route to market. We deliver year-round demand for their services from over 2,000 travel businesses. We also provide access to exclusive sales channels, including 95 airlines.
Many of the world’s biggest travel brands work in partnership with CarTrawler. We enable them to capitalise on the revenue potential of their existing website by providing their customers with an enhanced range of ground transportation services through a single, intelligent booking engine. By consolidating multiple services, we deliver the maximum return with minimum website real estate usage.
Most importantly, CarTrawler makes it easy for customers. We provide them with a seamless shopping experience and a single point of purchase for all of their ground transportation needs. As customers demand an increasingly personalised experience, we use data science to anticipate their needs and help them to find the right mode of transport at the right price. And should they need our assistance, our Customer Centre of Excellence provides industry-leading customer care. We are Future Cities Catapult. Our mission is to advance urban innovation, to grow UK companies, to make cities better.

We bring together businesses, universities and city leaders so that they can work with each other to solve the problems that cities face.

From our Urban Innovation Centre in London, we provide world-class facilities and expertise to support the development of new products and services, as well as opportunities to collaborate with others, test ideas and develop business models.

We help innovators turn ingenious ideas into working prototypes that can be tested in real urban settings. Then, once they’re proven, we help spread them to cities across the world to improve quality of life, strengthen economies and protect the environment.

Our Cities Lab provides data analysis, modelling and visualisation capabilities to understand and elucidate city problems, while on-the-ground demonstrators in our network of collaborating cities provide opportunities for testing new approaches in-situ. Combined, they help us discover which new ideas can have the biggest impact on our urban environments.

By bringing together the UK’s top architects, engineers, designers, academics and business professionals, we can help them transform cities on a global scale. We will strengthen the UK’s ability to turn excellent urban innovations into commercial reality.

We specialise in urban strategies, connected cities and urban data science.  We use these capabilities to focus our work on three core themes: integrated urban infrastructure, healthy cities and urban mobility. We can provide impartial advice about the most effective products and services – both off-the-shelf and bespoke – to help cities make the most effective use of their investments. We’re about making innovation happen in cities.
 "People Learn Statistics from us."
Statistics.com is the leading provider of online education in statistics, and offers over 100 courses in introductory and advanced statistics.

Mission
The Institute for Statistics Education at Statistics.com is the leading provider of introductory, advanced, and specialized courses in statistics, analytics, predictive modeling, data mining, optimization, risk modeling and forecasting - from"statistics for novices" to "support vector machines for data miners."

Statistical Literacy:
Get a new stats term, and its definition, delivered weekly
https://oz104.infusionsoft.com/app/form/na19

Courses at Statistics.com: 
• Are taught by noted experts (authors of leading textbooks, ASA Fellows...)
• Are taught 100% online 
• Are scheduled for a particular calendar period (3 to 4 weeks)
• Offer weekly lessons with practical exercises, usually involving software
• Provide regular interaction with instructors via private discussion forum
• Employ teaching assistants to mark homework and offer feedback to every student

All courses are 100% online. Take individual courses online or work on a certificate in one of statistics.com's Program of Advanced Statistical Studies (PASS).

Who takes Statistics.com courses? 
Students are split roughly equally between academia and business/government. Many of our students have been on the job for several years, and are looking to quickly boost their analytics/statistics skills either to meet specific project-related demands, or to enhance their careers. 

Key courses have been evaluated and recommended for college credit by the American Council on Education (ACE).  See the course catalog for details.

The Institute is certified to operate by the State Council of Education for Virginia The world is ever-changing. Advancements in technology, improved access to information and external influences have altered the customer purchase journey forever – no longer is it a linear process, it’s now a complex web of choices.

Every day, we are bombarded and overloaded with information. To connect and cut through, brands really need to matter.

That’s what we do at Ogilvy. We make brands matter.

We believe in the power of creativity to make this happen and drive real business effectiveness. Creativity and Effectiveness are our ‘twin peaks’ – goals we strive for every day. After all David Ogilvy said it best – If it doesn’t sell, it isn’t creative.

To truly deliver on making brands matter, it is absolutely crucial we start by understanding people – to understand what they do and why they do it. Our model is based on recognising customer journeys and behaviours, then using our specialised skills to engage and influence them.

Advertising is only one part of the solution, and as such our business has evolved. We bring more diverse expertise to a business problem than any other agency. This drives great creative thinking and ultimately delivers results.

Are you curious enough to say hello? XSEED Education is globally transforming K-8 education from rote to learning, from "telling" to teaching. Its 5-step method builds thinking skills and problem-solving confidence in children. XSEED serves  over 3000+ schools and 1 million children.

KEY OFFERINGS:

The XSEED School Learning Program replaces “rote-chalk-and-talk” with a well researched ‘five step’ process to teach every concept effectively using clear curricular aims, hands-on activity, reflective analysis, application and assessment. Visible benefits of XSEED are curiosity, confidence, ability to reflect, and higher order thinking skills in children. 

The XSEED ‘classroom toolkit’ includes over 10,000 step-by-step teaching plans, application-oriented student learning materials, and skill-focused assessment to provide individualized feedback. Year-round coaching and training situated in the classroom equips teachers with the know-how necessary to continuously uplift classroom practice. XSEED is now harnessing the power of technology to personalize learning for every child. 

XSEED has been featured among the top educational innovations in the world in “Learning Re-Imagined” (published the WISE Summit) and featured as a case-study by MIT’s Legatum Center.  

CAREERS:

We seek exceptional talent in several areas including education (curriculum design, teacher training and assessment specialists focused on K-8 learning), business (business development, marketing & communications, customer servicing and operations) & technology (learning technology, gamification, mobile applications, user-experience design and data science). We are a global Customer Experience company with consulting, agency and technology integrator capabilities, who believe in business as a positive force for change.

Our consulting, solutions and products allow companies to create a frictionless consumer journey through all channels (phone, social, web, mobile, retail, etc). We use the power of data science to generate personalized experiences and execute strategies by creating relevant content.

With a mission to innovate and transform the way organizations relate to people, we create global and local solutions to drive the digital transformation of our customers, with more than 300 employees trained as innovation leaders, around 20 countries around the world: United States, Argentina, Chile, Peru, Costa Rica, Colombia, Panama, Guatemala, Ecuador, Dominican Republic, Spain and Morocco.

We have a deep and multidimensional knowledge of the consumer in more than 10 industries, obtained by working as a partner with companies such as: L'Oreal, The Coca-Cola Company, Kimberly Clark, Abbott, FOX, Huawei, Bimbo, Lenovo, Banco Santander, Electronic Arts, IE Business School, Orange and Bayer among others. Zaloni simplifies big data for transformative business insights. We work with pioneering enterprises to modernize their data architecture and operationalize their data to accelerate insights for everyday business practices. 

A leader in big data for more than a decade, Zaloni’s expertise is deep, spans multiple industries, and has proven invaluable to customers at many of the world’s top companies.

About the Zaloni Data Platform

Our platform provides total control throughout the data pipeline from ingestion to analytics, with comprehensive data management, governance and self-service data preparation capabilities for IT and business users. Get a production-ready data lake in just weeks. 

For IT teams, the platform operationalizes data management and eliminates data silos for central management of all enterprise data sources, regardless of location. For business users, the platform delivers a self-service, enterprise-wide data catalog through which to discover and wrangle data sets, and derive transformational business insights using advanced analytics. 

We are also your trusted partner for building production data lakes! Zaloni has more than 400+ staff-years of big data and Hadoop experience working globally across the US, Latin America, Europe, Middle East, and Asia. Our professional services offer expert big data consulting and training services, helping clients plan, prepare, implement, and deploy data lake solutions. QS Investors is a quantitative asset manager that provides multi-asset class and global equity solutions built on a deeper understanding of investment and human dynamics. They believe quantitative investing provides a better framework to be more creative when solving for client challenges. By taking a systematic approach, they can better test their insights, manage risk and target the investment outcomes a client wants.  Their quantitative approach unites the intellectual and academic precision of science, engineering, mathematics, finance and investment expertise with the power of data and technology in their quest to elevate the certainty of the outcomes they deliver SUPINFO is today a worldwide higher school in Computer science thanks to its own international network dedicated to information technology. SUPINFO has become in France the first higher school in Computer science in term of trained student number and also in term of national coverage. SUPINFO is one of the few higher education schools where information systems training is at the core of postgraduate courses from the very first year of the programme. The Academy provides a general IT training covering all the latest technologies used in today Information Technology industry: software engineering, systems and networks, artificial intelligence, data analysis, internet and intranet technologies, business intelligennce, ERP, multi-media, etc. Growth Acceleration Partners is an Austin-based custom software development company. Our nearshore development teams in Costa Rica and Colombia work on US time zones eliminating challenges of traditional offshore software development companies.

This nearshore model along with our Agile/Scrum methodology provides cost effective and efficient development of mobile apps, web/cloud applications and traditional enterprise applications. GAP has technical practice areas for .NET, Java, Ruby, Python, PHP, JavaScript and JS frameworks and native platform competence with iOS, Android and Windows. Quality Assurance (QA) and software test along with UX/UI round out GAP’s service offerings.

GAP has rapidly grown to serve hundreds of clients and has built custom applications in industries such as technology, financial services, retail, entertainment, and healthcare. Profitably growing since its inception in 2007, GAP was recognized by Inc Magazine as a fastest growing private company and is a three time winner of Austin’s list of 50 top growing companies. Delivering excellence in Software R&D, IT Operations, Cyber Security, and BPO for clients worldwide, Infopulse has built a reputation of a trusted full-service solution provider. Founded over 25 years ago, Infopulse today is represented in 8 countries across Europe and the Middle East.

Infopulse efficiently combines in-depth industry knowledge and technological expertise to deliver enhanced business value to its customers by providing tailored services and solutions for Automotive, Banking & Finance, E-Commerce, Electronics, Energy, Healthcare, Marketing, Publishing, Retail & Wholesale, Software & High-Tech, and Telecom.

Infopulse operates in accordance with European company culture, tolerance, and compliance, which is highly appreciated by both our clients and employees. As a part of EVRY, one of the largest IT companies in the Nordics, Infopulse also strictly complies with the policies and guidelines set by the parent company.

Infopulse is a certified partner of Microsoft, SAP, Cisco, Citrix, IBM, VMware, Oracle, and complies with the highest international corporate governance standards, being ISO 9001, ISO 27001, and ISO 14001 certified. Marketing Eye is a world-leading marketing consulting firm. With an outsourced marketing department model, Marketing Eye has forged a reputation as a company that is ahead of the game when it comes to how marketing, technology and communications collaborate to produce key business outcomes. With one monthly fixed fee, companies with $2 million to $200 million in revenue benefit from an experienced marketing manager, creative department, brand experts, web, digital, SEO, social media, marketing automation, public relations, journalism - all under one roof. 

As an international marketing consulting firm with offices in Australia, US and Netherlands, Marketing Eye capitalizes on the experience of having worked with more than 450 clients. From development of marketing strategies, through to implementation including web, social media and creative, Marketing Eye has a strong, loyal relationship with clients. 

What makes Marketing Eye different is that we were the first to provide a full in-house marketing management service, backed by a team of creatives, web, digital, seo, branding, public relations, communications, journalism and social media curation experts. While many copy, we lead... just like our clients. 

Our people are constantly pushing boundaries, showing bravery in design, disrupting industries with clever marketing on behalf of our clients and collaborating across a multi-discipline environment.

Today, after more than 10 years, Marketing Eye has evolved its product delivery to include: outsourced marketing department, marketing consulting, technology development, web development, education, media, and licensing of model.

Marketing Eye magazine, on the shelves in most news agencies, is designed and written in-house by Marketing Eye.

Marketing Eye is ranked in the Top 100 Influencers for Entrepreneurship by Agilience, and the Top 10 Technology Marketing Firms in New York, along with the Top 20 Marketing Solutions Providers. ITER is an international, large-scale scientific collaboration intended to prove the viability of fusion as an energy source, and to collect the data necessary for the design and subsequent operation of the first electricity-producing fusion power plant.

To achieve this goal, seven countries (China, European Union, India, Japan, South Korea, Russia and the United States), have joined forces to build the ITER Tokamak: the world’s largest Fusion Device.  The seven Members have signed the ITER Agreement in 2006, and have agreed to share in every aspect of the Project: science, procurement, financing, staffing, intellectual property, etc. 

The ITER Project is based in Saint-Paul Lez Durance, in the South of France, where the ITER platform is currently under construction. As the sole professional body for actuaries in Australia, the Actuaries Institute represents the interests of its members to Government, the business community and the general public. 

Actuaries assess risks through long-term analyses, modelling and scenario planning and provide expert comment on a broad range of business-related problems.

This unrivalled expertise enables the profession to comment on a range of business-related problems  including enterprise risk management, finance and investment, prudential regulation, retirement income policy, general insurance, life insurance and health financing.

The Institute is committed to promoting and maintaining a high standard of actuarial practice and represents and supports its members by:

• educating the next generation of actuaries and ensuring skills and knowledge are constantly developed through continuous professional development;
• establishing and maintaining  strict professional and ethical standards;
• fostering a strong professional network and promoting and advancing knowledge in specialist areas of actuarial science through research and events and seminars; and 
• contributing to public policy through policy submissions, thought-leadership and expert analysis. Claro Partners is an international business innovation and service design firm. We make sense of disruptive shifts in business and society to develop new market opportunities, strategies and business models. 

By combining social science, design thinking and business strategy, we lead our clients to solutions that create value for both business and for society. Metron is a scientific consulting company dedicated to solving challenging problems in national defense through the development and application of advanced mathematical methods. Problem solutions are realized in computer software with graphical interfaces that allow a user to understand and act on the results without having to comprehend the intricacies of the models themselves.

Metron's employees are leaders in their technical fields who have made the commitment to solve real-world problems. They excel in statistical inference, operations research, physical modeling, and software development. Our success depends upon recruiting and retaining the best talent available in the fields of applied mathematics, physics, and computer science. At Metron, we believe that employees should combine their innate talent with a willingness to work on challenging problems and to extend their knowledge to other disciplines. This philosophy allows us to create a team-based approach to problem solving and product development that has been highly successful.

The company is organized into five divisions serving clients in the greater Washington, D.C. and San Diego area:

    * Advanced Mathematics Applications (Virginia)
    * OASiS (California)
    * ORCA (California)
    * CETUS (Virginia)
    * Advanced Data Analytics (Virginia) Advancing science. Enhancing lives.

Founded in 1960, Oregon Research Institute (ORI) is a non-profit, independent, behavioral research center with an international reputation as a leader in conducting research to help people lead healthier lives. The results of our scientific studies provide individuals, schools, and community leaders with the knowledge and skills to address local and national public health problems.  Areas of research include: 
Promoting Physical Health
Promoting Psychological Health
Promoting Healthy Child Development
Treating Tobacco, Alcohol, and Illegal Drug Use

ORI began with just a few scientists and staff working out of one small office in Eugene, Oregon. ORI now has satellite offices in Corvallis and Portland, Oregon, Seattle, Washington and in Albuquerque, New Mexico. The largest independent behavioral research center in Oregon, ORI employs 165 people. Funded entirely by the National Institutes of Health and the United States Department of Education, ORI in 2016 has 53 research grants and a budget of $16.5 million. ORI is unique among independent research centers in that it has a democratically-managed governance system of employee committees, councils, and Board of Directors. We build 360-degree data science solutions to empower enterprises to turn their data into dollars. We synthesize business wisdom from top-tier strategy consultants, advanced machine learning from experienced data scientists and cutting-edge product development by expert application designers and developers to create solutions that enable our clients to win. The team comprises top-tier consultants from McKinsey and BCG, data scientists with advanced machine learning experience and product developers who have built winning mobility products. We bring the best of data science to your team.  Our delivery model and experience allow us to help clients achieve data science excellence, but at a minimal cost. Our research helps build brands with a competitive edge. Whatever your challenge, ours is to deliver intelligent insights using proven tools and techniques. Whether you’re big or small, our compelling stories will inspire your whole organisation

We are Future Thinking – challenge makes us tick Fullpower is the leader for cloud-based IoT smart-home and wearable solutions powered by AI, machine-learning and data science. With more than 125 patents, the Fullpower IP portfolio covers the AI-powered  Sleeptracker® and the MotionX® IoT technology platforms for the Smart-Home and wearable. Fullpower’s business model is to license technology and IP to brand leaders such as Nike, BeautyRest, Amazon, Movado, Serta and others. Founded by Philippe Kahn, creator of the first camera-phone and based in Silicon Valley, the Fullpower team is passionate about technology craftsmanship, innovation, and the global  AI-IoT paradigm shift.

CAREERS: Fullpower Technologies is always looking for passionate, team-oriented, and self-motivated individuals interested in the development of the next generation of IoT and wearable solutions. Check out our website for current openings, www.fullpower.com/home/careers.

Follow us:
facebook.com/MotionX
facebook.com/Sleeptracker
twitter.com/MotionX
twitter.com/Sleeptracker Kobi Digital is a full-service lead generation agency backed by some of the top names in performance marketing and venture capital.

We create tailor-made, opt-in campaigns to identify real people with real interest in your product or service. Because each lead is generated with your unique purpose in mind, together we can guarantee the most effective outreach to your target audience at any stage of the sales process.

Your customers behavioural patterns are analyzed by our data science team while in-house media buyers ensure that only the highest quality sources provide you with prospects. Kobi specializes in continuous optimization that results in an increased ROI and a steady volume of quality leads, working with you as a direct partner to provide you quality at scale.

We’re active in 7 countries worldwide: NL, BE, UK, AU, NZ, SIN and very soon ITALY. We generate hundreds of thousands of unique leads every month for top brands in insurance, travel, retail, finance, telecoms, education, energy and more. Our international teams in Amsterdam, Bangkok and Brasilia are busy welcoming new countries and partners as we speak.

In the last years we’ve been the top tier traffic source for lead generation advertisers worldwide. We are the only lead provider supplying you with data directly from the source, without any 3rd parties involved. This ensures the highest quality, volume and continuance available for our partners.     
 
Your campaigns are promoted only on the most effective channels to deliver the best quality leads. All data is collected via display advertising and direct media buying on ad exchanges, social channels, search engines and email. This enables us to generate data from unique sources that otherwise wouldn’t have been tapped into.

If you are interested in establishing a long term partnership where we work to effectively target and acquire your most valuable customers, please get in touch. Ennov is an independent software vendor (ISV) specialized in regulated content management.

On top of a generic EDMS / BPMS technology platform (usable in any sector), we propose 4 sets of solutions uniquely tailored for the Life Sciences market:
- Quality Management Systems (quality documents, processes, training)
- Regulatory Compliance Solutions (eCTD, RIM, IDMP)
- Clinical Trial Management Software (EDMS, EDC, CTMS)
- Pharmacovigilance system (PV database and statistical analysis)

We have more than 450 clients worldwide (150+ in Life Science)  and 15 years of experience in Pharmaceutical, Cosmetic and Healthcare Industries. 

Our single focus: delivering cost effective, best-of-breed, off the shelf, highly configurable, user friendly solutions to our clients.  

Ennov helps organizations comply with external and internal regulations to gain the true value of their business content.  Highly scalable yet easily implemented, the Ennov product line requires minimal use of IT infrastructure and resources.

All Ennov solutions include built-in electronic signature and audit trail compliant with the FDA 21 CFR Part 11, LDAP synchronization, scanner connector, email connector and iPad apps. Ennov solutions are web based solutions but can be installed on premise or used as cloud based solutions. Using artificial intelligence to build a brain inside your business. That brain learns and optimizes over time, taking the guesswork out of business operations.

Our applications predict key variables in demand and supply ... so our clients can make more accurate decisions.

Founded in 2016, Noodle.ai is led by executives from top firms in data science, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and management consulting.  Altair Customer Intelligence is leading the way for database and direct-to-consumer marketing. Our team works with the nation’s top Mortgage, Banking, Automotive, and Healthcare marketers in order to ensure that the right messages are always getting in front of the most precise and targeted audiences. 

Altair began operations in 2001. Our executive team aimed to develop a more complete solution for the issues being encountered by top financial institutions. Altair was established by incorporating multiple data sources, knowledge of the marketing industry, and data science. Our solutions empower marketers and executive management teams to acquire and retain customers successfully using tri-bureau data and custom analytics. Altair offers multi-solution approaches for marketers in various industries.

- Over 5,000 unique attributes on upwards of 2 billion consumers
- Easy to use online platform that is convenient for quick ITA data counts
- Industry leading data science team comprised of credit bureau alumni with 30+ years’ experience
- Back end reporting on every campaign to ensure maximum ROI for every client

Altair works with multiple verticals on direct-to-consumer marketing campaigns. Our areas of expertise include Financial Services, Healthcare, Insurance, & Retail Marketing.
 We’ve moved! We’re thrilled to now be a part of Cornerstone OnDemand. Learn more about our new family here: http://www.cornerstoneondemand.com/evolv 

Evolv’s proven workforce performance solutions – the first of their kind – leverage the power of Big Data and predictive analytics to help businesses select, retain and develop a more productive, more positive and more profitable workforce. Evolv harnesses the power of machine learning to uncover and correct the inefficiencies that undermine the performance. Our SaaS-based analytics platform identifies improvement areas and transforms core operational business processes to drive increased employee satisfaction, retention, productivity and engagement. Evolv guarantees specific operational savings and increased operating profitability for each client averaging millions of dollars. MapD is the extreme analytics platform, used in business and government to find insights in data beyond the limits of mainstream analytics tools. The MapD platform delivers zero-latency querying and visual exploration of big data, dramatically accelerating operational analytics; data science; and geospatial analytics. 

Originating from research at MIT, MapD is a technology breakthrough, harnessing the massive parallel computing of GPUs for data analytics. MapD Technologies Inc. is headquartered in San Francisco, and the platform is available globally via open source and enterprise license options.

Twitter: @MapD
Facebook: /mapdinc Contata Solutions, founded in 2000, is a US-based software services company headquartered in Minneapolis, MN with two offshore offices in India: a Software Engineering group and a back-office support group.   

Our objective has been to make leading edge technology, process framework and application development services accessible to organizations of all sizes. Our promise and value proposition to our customers is simple: we leverage our deep technical expertise and our global presence to bring software products to life efficiently, quickly and cost-effectively.  Through our years of work, we have emerged as a leader in the world of Data Science, Analytics and Artificial Intelligence.

Today, after more than 13 years of continuous growth and expansion, Contata has a loyal client base distributed across the nation and a track record of having delivered hundreds of successful projects. We work with clients spanning a wide range of business domains and verticals. 

Connect with us on Linkedin! uBiome is a citizen science startup that sequences the human microbiome. As the first and largest successful crowdsourced citizen science project in history, we allow the public access to cutting edge sequencing technology and are building a data platform to gather, analyze, and translate data about the human microbiome.

Our mission is to explore important research questions about the microbiome and to develop accurate and reliable clinical tests based on the microbiome. The Fund for Peace is an independent, nonpartisan, 501(c)(3) non-profit research and educational organization that works to prevent violent conflict and promote sustainable security.

We promote sustainable security through research, training and education, engagement of civil society, building bridges across diverse sectors, and developing innovative technologies and tools for policy makers.

A leader in the conflict assessment and early warning field, the Fund for Peace focuses on the problems of weak and failing states. Our objective is to create practical tools and approaches for conflict mitigation that are useful to decision-makers.

What Makes Us Unique
 
The Fund for Peace adopts a holistic approach to the issues stemming from weak and failing states. We work at both the grassroots level with civil society actors and at policy levels with key decision makers.

The Fund for Peace has worked in over 50 countries with a wide range of partners in all sectors: governments, international organizations, the military, nongovernmental organizations, academics, journalists, civil society networks, and the private sector.

Combining social science techniques with information technology, we have produced the patented Conflict Assessment System Tool (CAST), a content analysis software product that provides a conceptual framework and a data gathering technique for measuring conflict risk.

We produce The Fragile States Index, an annual ranking of 178 countries across 12 indicators, that is published by Foreign Policy magazine.

Our Approach
 
The Fund for Peace offers a wide range of initiatives focused on our central objective of promoting sustainable security, the ability of a state to solve its own problems peacefully without an external military or administrative presence. Our activities relate to three interconnected themes:

Conflict Early Warning and Assessment
Transnational Threats
Sustainable Development & Security MoveOn is the largest independent, progressive, digitally-connected organizing group in the United States. Launched in 1998, MoveOn pioneered online organizing and advocacy techniques that have become standard in politics, nonprofits, and industry in the U.S. and worldwide. We combine rapid-response political campaigning with deep strategic analysis, rigorous data science and testing, and a culture of grassroots member listening and participation that allows us to consistently and quickly identify opportunities for progressive change–and mobilize millions of members to seize them. MoveOn members step up as leaders by using the MoveOn Petitions DIY organizing platform to create their own petitions and campaigns to drive social change.

We are constantly innovating how we organize at scale and work together to win the biggest campaigns of our time— ending the Iraq War, electing Barack Obama president, enacting health care reform, and taking down the Confederate flag from the state house grounds in South Carolina.

MoveOn is made up of two organizations: MoveOn.org Civic Action, a 501(c)(4) nonprofit organization focusing on education and advocacy, providing civic engagement tools to the public, and building the progressive movement by encouraging and supporting the development of more grassroots leaders. MoveOn.org Political Action, meanwhile is a federal PAC focused on running powerful progressive advocacy campaigns and demonstrating MoveOn members’ power at the ballot box by electing candidates who reflect MoveOn members’ values. As part of Institut Mérieux, Mérieux NutriSciences is dedicated to protecting consumers’ health throughout the world, by delivering a wide range of testing and consulting services to the food & nutrition, agrochemicals, pharma and cosmetics industries. With 50 years of experience in Food Safety & Quality, an extensive global footprint of more than 100 accredited laboratories in 21 countries, Mérieux nutriSciences is one of the leader on its market. 

In Australia, Mérieux NutriSciences'​ facilities are located in Brisbane, Melbourne, Perth and Sydney and offer NATA-accredited microbiology and chemistry laboratory services that operate seven days a week, 365 days per year. INDOFINE Chemical Company, Inc., established in 1981, is committed to providing high quality rare organic molecules, biochemicals and natural products for the advancement of science. We provide custom synthesis, contract research, process development and toll manufacturing in the areas of flavonoids, coumarins, acetophenones, benzophenones, chromones, fluoro-organics, heterocyclics and natural products for the pharmaceutical, agricultural and life science industries. 

Last year, our development lab synthesized over 1,000 new compounds, including many combinatorial chemistry building blocks and compounds for medicinal chemistry projects. Our product catalogs are available in paper, CD-Rom and Adobe Acrobat (PDF) formats. 

INDOFINE Chemical Company, Inc. has been a member of the Synthetic Organic Chemical Manufacturers Association (SOCMA) and the American Chemical Society since 2001. 

Our company is certified with the following agencies:
NY/NJ Minority Purchasing Council
Small Disadvantaged Business Association
Women's Business Enterprise National Council
Please e-mail or fax requests for copies of these certifications. 

Our lab and pilot plant facilities are able to produce gram to multi-kilogram quantities and are equipped with stainless steel and glass-lined steel reactors up to 50 gallons and production units with 300 gallon reactors. Unit operations include centrifugation, dehydration, distillation, drying (fluid bed and tray), crystallization, filtration, micronization, mixing, and granulation. We have excellent analytical capabilities and can provide NMR, IR, and HPLC data. 

INDOFINE Chemical Company, Inc. provides custom synthesis, contract research, and toll manufacturing to clients in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, flavor and fragrances, and agricultural industries. We also provide chemical libraries, analytical standards, natural products, rare organics, and biochemicals for life science research. Matmatch is an online platform for the search, evaluation and sourcing of engineering materials. Our knowledge base features in-depth information on raw, processed and semi-finished materials of all kinds. Whether you're exploring new options for materials or making sure you have the right one, you can rely on the data, technology and community of Matmatch.

Our platform combines an intuitive interface with sophisticated search tools. You can find materials by application, property, category, shape/dimension and supplier. Apply advanced filters and get answers to all your questions. 

For Materials Suppliers: We offer you a new, exciting route to promote your product. You can establish your unique expertise in particular product applications areas, access advanced analytics on your customers and drive new sales leads. By joining Matmatch, you gain visibility and worldwide exposure for your materials and brand.

For Materials Buyers: You can browse Matmatch to easily find material data for metals, ceramics, polymers and composites. Compare properties of different materials, find similar engineering materials and explore the list of providers. Membership is completely free for buyers!

Join a global community of product designers, engineers, academics, and material suppliers. Become a part of Matmatch today.
 Ideaplunge is not just a software development company, it works beyond that realm to offer solutions with the right approach that today’s startups and entrepreneurs need the most. It’s a ‘co-creation’ company, where it engages with startups, entrepreneurs, corporates and individuals. And travel with them through the complete cycle – right from nurturing ideas, designing, prototyping, delivering MVP (Minimum Viable Product) to the final output.

Have collaborated with startups and businesses in over 15 countries, creating value and turning their ideas into flawless products

Offering turnkey solutions to some of the fastest-growing brands today has earned us the name as one of the fastest-growing software and app development companies in Bangalore
    
We specialize in – but not limited to – Mobile apps, Web apps, Experience Design (XD), Enterprise Mobility Solutions, Augmented Reality, Data Science, Content Management System (CMS)

Have developed high performance apps and web solutions for various     industries such as Healthcare, Retail, Social, Lifestyle, Fashion.     
    
With several years of hands-on experience; bringing current technology and expertise into the fold, we are capable of building products for any industry.     

Untangled technology complexity and delivered agile solutions for both Indian and International clients.     

If you have a game-changing idea for a mobile or a web app, or need the right expertise for a disruptive solution, Call us @ +91 80 43709676

For more information visit: http://ideaplunge.com/ SYSTEMATIX is a world class designer, custom manufacturer and integrator of custom factory automation for the health science, automotive, and niche product sectors.

Our 50,000 ft2 facility is located west of Toronto, Ontario in Canada’s Technology Triangle. We provide clients in house design and build with a single point of responsibility. The Technology Triangle is also home to many of our sub-system vendors, and hosts two world class universities, all within minutes of our manufacturing plant.
 
SYSTEMATIX has provided turnkey solutions to satisfy our regional and global customers'​ most difficult factory automation challenges since 1988.
 
Put our team to work for you! PREMIER Biosoft is a leading bioinformatics company offering software products and services to government agencies, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and academia across the globe. 

PREMIER Biosoft specializes in software development for life science community. and has products for PCR, Real Time PCR, Mass spectrometry data analysis, Glycomics, Lipidomics,  MALDI Imaging, Proteomics and Plasmid drawing.

The company also offers custom informatics solutions to life science companies and laboratories. With all these services, the PREMIER Biosoft team promises to extend these benefits to companies, universities and laboratories. TRAITIFY is building the personality layer of the internet by re-imagining and democratizing the measurement of personality.

Simply, we apply personality science to help businesses attract, hire and keep the best people. With a team of cross-disciplinary psychologists (including Stanford PhD personality psychologist / statistician, industrial organizational psychologists and clinical psychotherapists), Traitify has invented and patented an image-based personality measurement tool that is mobile-friendly, takes 90 seconds to complete, has a 95% completion rate, and is highly reliable. Not to mention, it's based on deep personality science (Strong Interest Inventory, Holland Codes, Big Five, etc). Because of its ease of use and format, it’s highly engaging and can be applied to serve different needs across the entire employee journey—attract, hire, retain, grow.

For companies, investing in great culture and employee experience is now table stakes in the modern era. To deliver a bespoke and highly engaging experience for applicants who become employees who create and pervade your company culture, it must start with personality.

Traitify works with CEOs, CMOs, CPOs, HR, Talent Acquisition, Employment Branding, Recruitment Marketing and business unit owners. Our products (SaaS and API) are used throughout the entire employee lifecycle to personalize it-- helping applicants discover best fit jobs to apply for, helping employers determine fit, guiding growth paths for individuals and teams, and easing internal mobility so companies can keep their best people engaged--all via a simple, efficient, and reliable tool backed by science. The National Consumer Panel is an operational joint venture between the two leading longitudinal consumer insights providers in North America - IRi and Nielsen. NCP's panel - comprised of U.S. consumers carefully selected across a multitude of key demographics - provides the highest actionable consumer data available to support the needs of both IRi and Nielsen.

The National Consumer Panel’s team is dedicated to enabling IRi and Nielsen to help their respective clients discover opportunity and compete more effectively. NCP aims to exceed its customers’ expectations, and to deliver superior products and services.

NCP’s Mission:
To provide IRi and Nielsen with the most complete view into consumers’ purchase and attitudinal behavior in the U.S. market.

What IRi executives have say about National Consumer Panel:

"We used the panel data to understand what our customers thought about where we advertise. These insights were very useful as we re-tooled our advertising program to better align with our customers'​ needs and expectations."​  

 "We used the panel to understand our consumer and our competitors'​ consumers. Who are they demographically and how do they overlap? Understanding why the product matters to the consumer is critical. It is the essence of why your product sells."​ 

Here's what an Executive Vice-President with Nielsen Data Science has to say about National Consumer Panel: 

 "NCP panel data helps manufacturers understand consumer preferences on specific brands and in turn allows retailers to stock the right item assortment for their local markets."​ A four-week onsite/online curriculum that prepares new and experienced software engineers entering the job market for the interview process. The curriculum is broken into three key areas, computer science fundamentals, technical interview preparation, and non-technical interview skills.

1. Core computer science topics include: data structures, recursion, dynamic programming, time/space complexity, algorithms, and systems design.

2. Technical Interview preparation include: whiteboarding, pair-programming, and systems architecture design

3. Non-technical interview skills training include one-on-ones with individuals tackle phone screening, effective communication, body language, job search management, and negotiation. MetOcean Solutions is a science-based consultancy that provides specialist numerical modelling and analytical services in meteorology and oceanography. We provide high quality environmental data and expert interpretation to meet the rigorous requirements of the offshore and maritime industries as well as regulatory, defence and government agencies. In 2013 MetOcean Solutions partnered with MetService, the New Zealand state-owned weather forecasting service provider, which now holds a 49% stake in the company.

Our team includes a multi-disciplinary group of PhD scientists and technical experts with experience in oceanography, meteorology, atmospheric physics, acoustic signal processing and fluid dynamics, as well as web architecture and development. This unique combination of strong science and technical skills allows us to innovate and push the boundaries in our quest to provide you with exactly the marine weather information you need, for anywhere on Earth.

After decades leading oceanography projects and companies, our three founding directors Peter McComb, David Johnson and Brett Beamsley established MetOcean Solutions in 2005 with a vision to invent clever solutions to connect people to the weather information that matters. Altogether, our staff have thousands of hours of experience working at sea. Some of us have worked in the offshore industry; others have spent years collecting marine data. As a team, we understand the ocean and know what it is like to work at sea. The D’Or Institute for Research and Education (IDOR) is a nonprofit organization who aims is to promote scientific and technological progress in healthcare. IDOR has its own headquarters since 2010 but its origin dates back to the creation of the Rede D’Or hospitals group, its main sponsor. Since the establishment of its hospitals network, Rede D’Or São Luiz Group has promoted numerous education and clinical research initiatives, including education and specialization programs. Graduate level education programs (lato sensu), residency programs, and specialization courses were created, as well as fellowships for undergraduate students and for medical physicists, many in partnership with public universities. The scientific committee, the institutional review board (human research ethics committee, tied to the CONEP, an organ of the Brazilian Ministry of Health), and a science diffusion center were all established during the past decade. Since 2010, when it was formaly established, IDOR operates in its own headquarters, located in Rio de Janeiro, and is responsible for designing, planning and overseeing most of the educational and research activities conducted intramurally in Rede D'Or São Luiz. IDOR also independently seeks new opportunities for scientific collaborations with other institutions and investigators, with the goal of bringing innovative ways to foster scientific research, education and awareness. The Bandish Group is a small, global, boutique executive search firm with proven successes in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, device, diagnostic and healthcare industries.

Since 1996 we have been responsible for identifying and matching the top talent now serving these industries. We continue to find your best fit, not just any fit. We are talent acquisition leaders and career coaches.

Our mission is to provide the highest quality of recruiting services to both our clients and our candidates. We measure our success against our personal standards, which are built upon an approach hallmarked by respect, honesty and integrity.

Our reputation for professionally handled, efficient searches has won us the regard and confidence of companies from start-ups, to small and medium-sized organizations, to Fortune 500 firms in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, device, diagnostic and healthcare industries.

The firm has demonstrated its capabilities with searches of any size, from placing a single candidate within a company to staffing an entire division or building out a department. Upon the direction of our client, we conduct confidential, exclusive and retained searches.

We are, above all, a wholly customer-focused executive search firm fully committed to responding to the needs of clients and candidates alike with a professional, yet personal, touch.

Contact us at 267-483-5233 or info@bandishgroup.com The Roy and Lila Ash Center for Democratic Governance and Innovation, a research center at the Harvard Kennedy School, advances excellence and innovation in governance and public policy through research, education, and public discussion. The Ford Foundation is a founding donor of the Center. Three major programs support our mission: the Program on Democratic Governance, the Innovations in Government Program; and the Rajawali Foundation Institute for Asia.  Visualization Sciences Group (VSG) is a business unit of FEI, a supplier of scientific instruments and solutions for nanoscale applications for industry and science.

FEI Visualization Sciences Group is the leading provider of advanced 3D visualization and analysis software tools for developers, engineers and scientists in natural resources, medical and life sciences, and engineering.

Our mission is to help our industrial and scientific customers to:

• Understand the emerging state-of-the-art that can assist them in their research and business.
• Access powerful new visualization technologies with easy-to-use tools and applications.
• Protect the development investments that they have made in visualization over time, from changes in prevailing hardware and software visualization practices.

OUR OFFERING

→ Avizo and Amira
Avizo and Amira are powerful, multifaceted 3D software platform for visualizing, manipulating, and understanding data in areas ranging from materials science, life sciences, and industrial inspection.

→ Open Inventor
Open Inventor, a professional 2D and 3D graphics toolkit for software development companies that want to use a robust 3D framework to build and sell high-performance applications, and for companies with development resources that need to create and deploy demanding visualization applications internally.

OUR CUSTOMERS
FEI Visualization Sciences Group serves world-class customers, all leaders in their respective industrial and scientific disciplines. We count hundreds of customers worldwide, including major research and governmental organizations, as well as the leading companies in the Oil & Gas, Medical, Engineering markets.

OUR TEAM
it is composed of a uniquely experienced and strongly committed team. We serve our customers worldwide through R&D, sales and operation offices in the United States, France, Germany, UK, China, and through our dedicated distributor channel. Buddy4Study is India's largest scholarship network which aims to bring affordable education to students with the help of scholarships, so as to increase their employability & strengthen their life-chances.

With its six years of experience, Buddy4Study has achieved an unparalleled connoisseur in facilitating education through scholarships. We have developed in-house technology and wide promotional partners to offer complete scholarship management system including the launch, promotion and acceptance of online applications; shortlisting, interviewing & selection of scholars; along with fund disbursement in a streamlined, transparent and efficient way.

We have been working with the Government of India, MNC’s, NGOs, Educational Institutions as well as individuals who are keen in providing financial assistance to needy & deserving students. Simultaneously, we work in educating students from different geographies & demographics about scholarships, their availability & successful application.

The USP of Buddy4Study is the excellent blend of ideas on education, data science & implementing artificial intelligence, simplifying the whole process of launching, managing & availing scholarships, with minimal side cost and maximum social impact. HomeHero is a licensed non-medical home care provider that leverages smart technology and human compassion to extend the health system into the home.

We cater to individual families seeking assistance in the home and we empower health systems to launch, operate and grow their own non-medical home care programs.

With hundreds of bonded and insured "Heroes", HomeHero has grown to be one of the largest and most trusted home care providers in California, having provided more than 1 million hours of care to thousands of families. We offer a wide range of post-acute services such as personal care and companionship, transitional care, postoperative recovery, medication management, transportation and assistance with activities of daily living. 

Equipped with a robust mobile app, our Heroes conduct guided safety checks in the home, record patient health information, monitor social determinants and deliver critical real-time data back to families and case managers in the hospital.

Our Care Managers — consisting of social workers, medical professionals and data scientists — work closely together to triage patients, provide actionable insights and predictive analytics to the care team, keeping patients safer than ever in their homes.

HomeHero was launched in May, 2013 by Kyle Hill and Mike Townsend, originally as a service for their own families. The company is headquartered in Santa Monica, CA and has raised $23 million in venture funding from Graham Holdings, Social+Capital Partnership, Science Inc, The Launch Fund, Tencent Holdings, Techstars and Cedars-Sinai Medical Center. Better known as The World’s Best Little Communication Consultancy ©, Clea PR is a strategic thinking powerhouse that enables the polygamous marriage of creativity with innovation and paradigm defying logic. Unconventional, Aggressive and Expert – Clea PR is credited with the distinction of having pioneered the movement towards planned and strategic PR in India. We have consistently planned, formulated and deployed successful, data-driven, High-ROI PR strategies for many of the large local and global brands in India. The resulting “Return on PR” that these brands have gained stands testimony to our expertise and experience in systematically applying PR both as a creative art form and proven science, based on a deep understanding of the psyche and behaviour of the Indian Market.

We are a part of the Clea Group of Companies, a Rs. 1 billion entity offering a wide range of services including Public Relations, Film Production, Marketing Consultancy, Celebrity Management, Visual Communication & Design, Brand Custodial Services and Market Research. Clea PR, the Public Relations entity of the Group, offers a comprehensive portfolio of public relations services including Media Relations, Stakeholder Relations, Investor Communication & IPO Management, Employee Communication, Crisis Management, Media Opinion Management, Media Research, Entry & Launch Strategies. Started in August 1995, Clea PR is today a network of six full-service branches and over 150 communication professionals spread across the country. Counted amongst the biggest PR agencies of India and handling the needs of some of the world's largest corporations and brands, Clea PR is renowned for being the ‘cradle and school’ of PR professionals in the country. Most known senior professionals in the industry have passed through the portals of Clea and gained a firm foundation in the art and science of PR Practice. As an Enterprise Systems Integrator, we gather your company’s information, organize, define, and label it in a format that’s useful to those who need it. Allowing everyone to work from a “single source of truth” when making decisions. No more information that’s confined to silos that needs interpretation by various departments. No more working from different sets of numbers. Only data that you can actually use and a sense of empowerment from making better informed decisions. 

Since 1998, IPC Global has offered products, service, training, hosting and support solutions. Our purpose is to deliver comprehensive data engineering, application development, data science, and enterprise IT architecture as an Enterprise Intelligence solution. We have done this successfully for customers around the world in the education, healthcare, banking, and manufacturing industries. #IPCGLOBAL Located in Arlington, Virginia, ByteCubed is a results-oriented consulting firm, dedicated to providing innovative yet cost-effective solutions to our federal and commercial customers. We specialize in acquisition innovation, decision support, and science and engineering. We ensure our clients’ success by developing a deep understanding of their critical needs and teaming top technologists with domain experts to develop tailored and reliable solutions. At ByteCubed, we are committed to providing the best in customer service and to helping our customers accomplish their missions. 
 Wise.io customer support applications provide intelligent automation that mimics the decision making of your best agents, freeing them to do what they do best — solving the hardest problems for your most important customers.

Wise.io was founded in 2012 by some of the world’s leading experts in astrophysics, statistics, computer science, and machine learning. Our team includes published authors, serial entrepreneurs, Fulbright and Hertz Scholars, and prolific inventors. We hold advanced degrees from Harvard, Caltech, Wharton, Cambridge, Stanford and Carnegie Mellon. 

The Wise.io team has extensive machine learning expertise as well as a deep domain knowledge of customer support processes.  Wise’s full-stack support solution is the the home of proprietary ML-powered applications that have been built with 20+ person-years of effort.

Wise.io tackles one of the fundamental problems in customer support:  good customer support is not scalable.  By using artificial intelligence to augment and automate the support workflow, Wise enables scalability while improving customer satisfaction.

Wise.io’s solutions are running in production at companies that range from Silicon Valley startups to the largest Fortune 500 corporations. Previously known as Ma Foi Analytics, Lymbyc Solutions Pvt. Ltd. was founded in 2012 to build robust analytical products that melded advanced technology to strong data science foundations to help organizations deal with these core fundamental problems. With a vision to empower the business leader at the point of decision making and to elevate analytics from just being a validation resource to an intervention mechanism with foresight, Lymbyc was conceptualized. 

Headquartered in Bangalore, Lymbyc Solutions Pvt. Ltd. is a leading edge innovator in advanced analytics solutions	 serving varied clients across India, the US, Singapore and in the Middle East.   

Lymbyc is a self-service, predictive, insights platform that is driven by an adaptive machine learning engine. It helps improve decision-making in organizations by curating embedded intelligence across all data sources, while tackling enormous amounts of data, organizational silos and information complexity.

To know more visit www.lymbyc.com Civolution has been recognized as the world leader in watermarking and fingerprinting based content identification solutions. The company was formed in October 2008 as a spin-off of Royal Philips Electronics, and was backed by Amsterdam-based VC firm Prime Ventures. In July 2009, Civolution acquired the Software and Technology Solutions business from Thomson, formerly Nextamp, after which the company created a portfolio of innovative solutions that ultimately formed its three business units that were each divested separately:
 - In December 2014, WPP's Kantar Media acquired Civolution's audio watermarking business supporting technology solutions for Audience Measurement and SyncNow, its Second Screen synchronization product.
 - In July 2015, US data science and advertising technology company 4C Insights acquired Civolution's Teletrax business, owning the world's largest television broadcast monitoring networks supporting applications for TV Analytics and TV-synchronized digital advertising.
 - And finally in July 2016, Kudelski Group acquired Civolution's market leading NexGuard Forensic Watermarking business supporting content tracking solutions for pre-release, digital cinema, pay TV and streaming.

During its 8 years of existence the company has won over a dozen industry awards for its various product innovations, the last one being the most prestigious one of all: in January 2016 Civolution received a Technology & Engineering Emmy® Award from the National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences.  Jvion delivers a Cognitive Clinical Success Machine that does what simple “predictive analytics” cannot. It makes sense of the massively complex, incomplete, diverse, and ever-changing body of patient data. It accounts for the full patient portrait including patient demographic, clinical, socioeconomic, exogenous, and behavioral data elements from multiple sources along with evergreen evidence-based medical information. And it produces the recommended actions that will best prevent adverse events and deterioration. 

The ultra-high definition future view that Jvion's Cognitive Clinical Success Machine delivers allows providers to see a patient 30, 60, 90, even 365 days into the future. This drives the patient-level interventions that healthcare providers need and delivers this information with unmatched speed, clinical applicability, and precision. Quintiles and IMS Health have come together to become IQVIA, The Human Data Science Company™

Inspired by the industry we help, IQVIA commits to providing solutions that enable life sciences companies to innovate with confidence, maximize their opportunities and ultimately drive human health outcomes forward. 

We provide actionable solutions by tapping into the power of the IQVIA CORE™: 
•Domain Expertise. Institutional knowledge and domain expertise across diseases, geographies and scientific methods
•Advanced Analytics. Faster, more precise decision-making generated by advanced analytics designed for healthcare
•Unparalleled Data. One of the world’s largest curated healthcare data sources with innovative privacy protections
•Transformative Technology. Leading technologies to provide real-time access to operations-critical information

To learn more, visit www.IQVIA.com 
 Nutonian's Eureqa accelerates discovery and understanding by making data science and artificial intelligence accessible to all business users. The company's dynamic modeling engine evolves billions of potential solutions per second, and identifies the best to predict and explain future events. With Eureqa, users can now incorporate domain expertise into automated time-series forecasts, empowering strategic business action in minutes rather than weeks or months. SaltHill Group is a boutique professional recruiting firm focused on the Energy and Financial Services industries across many US cities (Austin, Boston, Chicago, Connecticut suburbs, Houston, Los Angeles, New Jersey suburbs and New York City).  Its clients cover small, mid-sized and Fortune 1000 companies, including retail and wholesale energy companies (oil, gas and power), trading firms, hedge funds, hedge fund administrators and investment banks.  

SaltHill Group actively seeks candidates who have strong experience in the front office, middle office and/or back office. We also look for professionals who are experienced with various types of instruments and asset classes including over-the-counter (OTC) and exchange-traded derivatives: physical and financial energy products, equities, credit, fixed income (interest rate swaps, bonds, etc.), foreign exchange, securitized products (ABS, MBS, CDO, etc.), and other financial instruments. Energy products include power, natural gas, crude oil, refined products (gasoline, distillates), NGL, LNG, renewable power (wind, solar), environmental products (carbon emissions, RECs), renewable fuels (biodiesel, ethanol, RINs) and coal.

Specialties: Energy, Financial Services, Commodities, Front Office, Middle Office, Back Office, Crude Oil, Refined Products, Distillates, Gasoline, Renewable Fuels, Biodiesel, Ethanol, RINs, Coal, Gas, Electricity, Power, Renewable Power, Wind, Solar, Carbon Emissions, RECs, Environmental Products, Transmission, Congestion, FTR, TCC, CRR, TCR, Nodal, Virtuals, Point-To-Point, PTP, UpTos, Derivatives, Swaps, Futures, Options, Basis, Trading, Asset Optimization, Portfolio Management, Sales, Origination, Marketing, Fundamental Analysis, Trade Strategy, Load Forecasting, Algorithmic, Data Science, Quantitative, Quant., Power Engineer, Structuring, Pricing, Scheduling, Risk, Valuation, Product Control, Compliance, Confirmations, Settlements, Clearing, Accounting, Recruiting, Jobs, Positions Mavrx provides field monitoring and farm stakeholder engagement services using a proprietary national imaging network, geospatial data science, and historic yield analysis to monitor crop production and help farms and all agriculture service providers optimize profits. The Mavrx platform supports agriculture service providers, farmers, insurance companies, and financial services touching over 100 million acres of U.S. and international farmland.

Headquartered in San Francisco, we currently operate in the U.S. and internationally.

Our team is a mix of engineers, scientists, and developers that build and utilize sensors, big data, and computer systems, while our backgrounds are in natural resources, big data, robotics, imaging, biomedical engineering, and sensor networks. We're passionate about making a net-positive impact on the global process of food production and land management.

Interested in working with us? Please visit www.mavrx.co/jobs to learn about our opportunities. Technology Solutions for Life Sciences™

All of our employees are GxP trained
Validation Resources
Project Management
Strategic Consulting
Managed Services
Lab and Manufacturing Support

Offerings:
Validated Cloud
LabSpeed LS
Smartline Data Cockpit

We are an experienced Life Science company specializing in scientific application support, technology and compliance.

MUSA’s expertise within the Life Sciences industry has helped us to identify several areas where Life Sciences companies have common unaddressed needs. Our flagship service offerings illustrate our capabilities and demonstrate how we’re evolving into the premier Regulated IT Service Provider for the industry.

We’re able to speak the language that Pharmaceutical, Biotechnology, Medical Device and Healthcare companies share. This dialect has given us the opportunity to effectively communicate with our clients to overcome the challenges of regulatory compliance. Our Laboratory Support Managed Service bridges the gap between traditional IT and the scientists in the laboratory, allowing both business units to operate at their best.  

We’ve taken advantage of the latest in cloud computing and developed the MUSA Validated Cloud. Unlike other FDA 21 CFR Part 11 hosting companies, Validated Cloud is the first solution to offer a fully qualified environment, wrapped in a governing quality system and deployed in accordance with FDA 21 CFR Part 820 and ISO 13485:2003 requirements for medical device quality management. OptioLabs develops data security compliance products for the mobile enterprise and embedded systems. Led by a world-class team of technologists, and leveraging innovations developed for national security protocols, OptioLabs has been able to provide advanced security solutions for some of the world’s leading mobile platforms. With offices in Baltimore and Nashville, Tennessee, OptioLabs customers include federal agencies, commercial enterprises, and device manufacturers. More information can be found at www.optiolabs.com.

OptioLabs is a subsidiary of Allied Minds (LSE: ALM), a diversified holding company focused on venture creation within the life science and technology sectors. With unparalleled access to hundreds of university and federal labs across the U.S., Allied Minds forms, funds, and operates a portfolio of companies to generate long-term value for its investors and stakeholders. Based in Boston, with nationwide presence in Los Angeles and New York, Allied Minds supports its businesses with capital, central management, and shared services. For more information, please visit www.alliedminds.com. Kinduct is a leading data and analytics software provider. Our highly secure, cloud-based platform allows human performance and sports organizations to spend less time managing their data and more time using it to inform decisions, promote constant improvement and produce exceptional results. Our Athlete Management System (AMS) is integrated with the best and brightest companies in the wearables, assessment and data collection sector. Kinduct is the software provider of choice for many sport organizations in the NFL, NBA, MLB, NHL, MLS and other professional or elite level leagues. We create meaningful communications based on science and clinical data that can effect positive transformations in treatment. Our programs are interactive and memorable, delivering deep scientific content through engaging novel programming.
 

Headquartered in New York City, IntraMed Educational Group has offices in North America, Latin America, Europe, and Asia and is part of WPP, one of the world’s largest communications services groups. WCN delivers an award-winning Intelligent Talent Acquisition suite to over 400 clients.  With over 20 years’ experience, we provide solutions that help organisations rapidly find the best talent by managing their entire hiring process; creating a more engaging and transparent relationship between brands and applicants.

WCN delivers specialist tools spanning a broad range of client needs including volume recruitment for large corporations and household brand-names that require a high intake of employees for similar roles, student recruiting and comprehensive recruitment technology offerings for the public sector and police marketplace.
 Sailun Co.,Ltd., established on Nov. 11th, 2002, is situated in National Economic and Technological Development Zone in Qingdao. It covers an area of about 400，000 square meters. Several well-known corporations and experts in tire industry invested and established Sailun with technological support from rubber industry and Qingdao University of Science and Technology. we are able to help establish new tire enterprises.

 Sailun aims to boost tire industry of China. We are the first tire manufacturer to integrate production, research and demonstration techniques, while developing our new products. We also strive to become the premier model for technical training for our staff in China. So far, a lot of experts in tire industry have come to Sailun to improve tire design theory, tire design technique and test method. They initiated BPSO design technology and three dimensioned visualization design, which reduced tire design period and improved accuracy. We have produced radials of high quality and formed a system of material formulation and structure design with autonomous intellectual property rights.

At the same time we make technology innovation and development, we apply management & control network system and computer system to tire production and manufacture, technology quality control, resource and energy, corporation administration, logistics and storage, marketing and service. We trace data and information of each tire with the help of advanced information technology. Altmetric LLP is a leading provider of research metrics to scholarly publishers, funders and institutions. It tracks and collates the online dissemination and conversations surrounding individual research outputs, delivering data through an API and an analytics package called the Altmetric Explorer.

Founded in 2011, Altmetric is based in London and has a strong focus on engineering and data science know-how. The Institute for Advanced Analytics has been preparing data savvy professionals for leadership in a digital world since 2007. Our mission is to produce the world’s finest practitioners of analytics — individuals who have mastered complex methods and tools for large-scale data modeling, who have a passion for solving challenging problems through teamwork, who are guided by intellectual curiosity, honesty and integrity, and who strive to attain the highest level of professionalism through continuous self-improvement.

Founded at North Carolina State University, the Institute’s flagship program is the nation’s first Master of Science in Analytics (MSA) degree. The MSA is an intensive, full-time, 10-month learning experience with an innovative curriculum developed exclusively for students in the program. It is NC State’s leading master’s degree measured in terms of student outcomes and its graduates are among the university’s most sought-after and highly compensated. Founded in 2013, IQM has designed a leading programmatic political marketing platform. The company specializes in applying a spectrum of advanced technologies for microtargeting, including: 

(i) alternative and Big Data to identify “swing” voters and their “look-alikes”, 
(ii) semantic analysis to understand the nature and sentiment of news and political media potential voters consume, 
(iii) mindset analysis to discover their disposition toward candidates and issues, 
(iv) programmatic creative to design campaign messages optimized to nudge voter perspectives, 
(v) programmatic advertising to micro-target voters across devices and channels, 
(vi) attribution science to measure the effect of campaigns and properly attribute effects to results, and 
(vii) predictive analytics to forecast results across a voter’s journey to vote on election day.  Metric Arts, a business intelligence consulting company, whose mission is to provide guidance in decision making processes of our customers through outstanding service, combining adequate information management, providing tools and continuous learning after two clear objectives: to maximize value and reduce risk. Established in 2007 with headquarters in Chile, and branch offices in Perú and Panamá.

Provides engineers and analysts with the competences and experience that deliver better solutions.

Key focus areas: Data Science, Big Data, Business Intelligence (DataWarehousing, OLAP, Reporting, Data Mining), Performance Management, Process Intelligence, Machine Learning, IoT and Computer Vision. Shaw + Scott is a digital marketing agency that is obsessed with delivering great work and industry expertise with a culture of partnership, collaboration, and care that’s all too rare in the fast-paced digital world. We’re passionate about crafting elegant solutions, making a measurable impact and always exceeding expectations. Savvy, effective solutions are our specialty. Shaw + Scott employs a holistic approach that spans the digital spectrum, working to optimize results across web, email, social and beyond. Our team will helps marketers navigate the complex digital ecosystem with elegant technology and sophisticated creative that’s proven to boost results and drive ROI. Services include: Strategic planning & consulting, analytics, creative design & production, HTML coding, copywriting, modular design, responsive design, technical services & training, campaign services, development, data architecture & integration, account management. Astrum is India’s first science-based specialist Reputation Management advisory. Astrum in Latin means the brightest star in its constellation. The purpose of every Astrum professional is to help each of our clients become that star. 

Astrum works as a strategic partner to the C-Suite, helping them resolve complex challenges they face in building and guarding their companies’ reputation. Applying the same science, Astrum helps senior political leaders connect with voters to get elected to a public office, keep the mandate and get  re-elected. Astrum is leading the way by weaving creativity into the Science of Reputation to understand and shape public opinion.

Our specializations include Reputation Management, Crisis & Issues Communication, Corporate Affairs, Corporate Governance, Voter Targeting, Candidate Positioning, Campaign Messaging and Voter Sentiment Tracking.

Astrum is an insight-driven Digital First advisory, with its emphasis on harnessing the power of the mobile phone and the Internet to engage stakeholders and shape opinions. It serves clients in the NCR and Mumbai through its own presence, and spans 60 cities and towns in India through its dedicated affiliate network. 

Along with a high-calibre team of practising professionals, Ashwani Singla, former Asia CEO of Penn Schoen Berland, founded Astrum.
 
Why should you choose Astrum?
For each of our client, reputation is the most valuable asset. We take the responsibility of building and guarding reputation very seriously. Every Astrum counsellor safeguards a client’s reputation as if it is his/her own. 

	We provide unique insight-based by empirical data 
	We are proactive in our approach
	We act as an extension of the client organization
	We deliver top-quality work 
	We rejoice in our clients’ Hits, and take the blame for the Misses. The Buck Stops Here. Calise Partners has developed a verifiable Single Source of Truth with AdScience®. This proprietary data management platform was developed with one goal in mind – to measurably improve quality leads and drive customer growth for our clients.

Simply put, we connect the dots between complex data, custom insights and multi-channel media. DGA imagines a world in which the places we live, work, create, learn, and heal support a complete physical, mental, and social well-being. We use design to advance these ideals—helping people, our clients, create environments that promote health, value, and the pursuit of knowledge.

DGA is a planning, architecture, and interiors design firm. 130+ professionals blending a love of art, science, and technology for the betterment of society.  Fresh Market Intelligence bringing clarity to the complex and fast-paced world of All Things AI.

CognitionX brings together the world leading data experts, software developers, platform vendors, researchers, hardware providers and businesses looking to apply data-driven techniques to their organisation. We do this through a combination of in person events, executive dinners and our online platform. 
We welcome you to apply to join, learn share, network with each other, build you own profile, promote yourself and even hire your perfect team.
 Our mission is to democratise access to data science and AI techniques by organising all the information about the industry and best practice, and make it universally accessible and useful.   This will empower everyone from startups, to governments, to enterprises – even individuals – to access and rapidly apply AI and data science techniques to their organisations. TRTech is an industry-driven, not-for-profit technology commercialization company that fast tracks ICT innovation to market by working with its 80 industry, government, and academic partners and clients to discover, develop and commercialize technology. Our mandate is to grow the ICT industry in Western Canada by supporting your success, while giving you full control over Intellectual Property.

TRTech employees are a mix of seasoned professionals and up-and-coming (disruptive thinking) interns/new grads with educations in engineering, computer science and business disciplines. We can work directly with and for you on projects or we can help you find the right partners through the larger TRTech community (which has been 26+years in the making). Read about our history at www.trtech.ca Treselle is a multiple award winning technology services and product development company that works with clients across industries to help build new software applications, integrate disparate technologies, and execute IT solutions in the areas of big data, cloud computing, analytics, and enterprise application integrations.

Treselle Systems has had the privilege of serving some of the World’s finest organizations and brands. We have worked with businesses across multiple industries ranging from multinational companies and mid-size enterprises to digital marketing agencies and Silicon Valley technology startups. We have rich experience working with executives and functional leaders across IT, Engineering, Product Development, and Marketing to help accomplish their business goals. Cazena radically simplifies data and analytics with the first, fully-managed, Big Data as a Service. 

Teams use Cazena for data science, analytic applications, data lakes, data warehousing, and hybrid data engineering projects. With Cazena, it's easy to move, store and share big data in the cloud with a few web clicks, without requiring specialized dev-ops skills. Data is queried and analyzed using built-in interfaces (R, Python, SQL, Java, etc.), or analysts can connect any tools.  

Cazena's solutions embed best-of-breed technologies (Cloudera, RStudio, AWS Redshift, Greenplum, etc.) with software automation and cloud infrastructure (Microsoft Azure, AWS, etc.) to deliver production-ready data platforms in hours, with 24/7 monitoring, security and support. Everything is fully-managed and optimized by Cazena, so teams can be more productive and focused. Solutions are agile,  secure, and cost-effective and include an intuitive web interface, which abstracts the complexity of the underlying infrastructure. 

The company was founded in 2015 by industry veterans behind the original Netezza data warehousing appliance. It has attracted an elite team and earned significant industry recognition. Cazena is recognized by analyst firm Gartner as a “Cool Vendor, DBMS” and has Fortune 500 customers across industries. Cazena is headquartered in Waltham, MA and funded by innovation-focused VCs, including Andreessen Horowitz, North Bridge Venture Partners and Formation 8.    Synectics is a client-focused research, statistics, technology, and data science consulting firm devoted to “making data meaningful.” We are a blend of academics and technicians who support federal agencies and other clients. Our core expertise includes IT for grants management; IT for public health databases; application development; data warehousing; and business intelligence. Our grants modules have securely processed over $75 billion in federal funds in one fiscal year – an amazing feat. And we are an amazing place to work, as we champion innovation, communication, and collaboration.

Synectics employs dedicated professionals, who help provide our expanding client base with a full range of IT services. Our philosophy is to provide the best service at very competitive rates and to build long-lasting professional relationships with our clients. Many of them have been with us over 20 years. We believe that consulting services are much more than just contracts—they are the foundation for the success of our clients—and we make every effort to ensure that success is what they achieve using our services. Xinja is building Australia’s first 100% digital, independent bank designed to run entirely from your  mobile.   We believe it’s time Australians had access to a banking experience built around their needs and in their interests.

Incredibly quick and easy to use, Xinja will be intuitive, smart, personalised and automates the little things.  This means you can spend less time thinking about money, save faster, spend safely and make money decisions with less worry.  We want to make it possible to start using a new account in seconds, get instant balance updates on payments, deposits and spending, see instantly how you are tracking against financial goals,  and to follow where your money is going and easily make changes to get where you want to.  It’s alright if you haven’t had a chance  to think ahead:  Xinja will prompt you with options to improve your finances, which you can action with a single swipe, and we do the rest.  Without the costs of retail branches or legacy systems, Xinja will offer highly competitive rates and low or no fees.

We love hearing from customers and anyone looking to take the high maintenance out of every day money management.  Drop us a line anytime at hello@xinja.com.au

Please note: Xinja is not a 'bank' and cannot conduct 'banking business' yet, but is working with regulators to become a 'bank' and be able to conduct 'banking business'. OnCourse, Inc. is constantly striving for excellence in the oilfield service market. The company's main goal is to achieve customer satisfaction by exceeding expectation while maintaining on-site safety and completion of customer projects on-time.


Directional Drilling

Directional drilling is the science of deviating a wellbore along a planned path to a target located at a given lateral distance and direction from vertical. Our expert directional drillers and proven tools and technologies provide the trajectory control needed to drill the well correctly, the high-quality hole required to successfully run and cement casing, and the precise well placement to optimize production and maximize recovery


MWD and LWD Services

Our MWD (Measurement While Drilling) and LWD (Logging While Drilling) services provide high-quality, accurate data to enable time-critical decisions for drilling of extended-reach, horizontal, vertical, and complex directional wells and sidetracks.


Gyroscopic Surveys

OnCourse, Inc. offers a complete range of Gyro services, including Gyro single shot service, Gyro multishot service, Surface Recording Gyro orienting service, Surface Recording Gyro multishot service.


Wireline Services

OnCourse, Inc. provides full wireline steering services. Our tools, trucks, and operators are field tested, trained, and proven. Using only the latest in downhole technology and a simple to use surface system. The Cavan Group is an independent Boston-based IT consulting firm specializing in Cloud Technologies, Data Center, and Disaster Recovery. 

Our main Practice Areas include:
  • Cloud - Strategy, Planning, Migration
  • Data Center Services - Strategy, Planning, Migration
  • Disaster Recovery/BCP Strategy & Planning
  
Our difference is our independence. We have no affiliation with vendors, manufacturers, services providers, or systems integrators.  Our  independent stance has gained us a reputation for integrity and guarantees our objectivity when helping our clients.

Extensive experience in the Private and Public Sector including:
• Financial Services
• Life Science & Pharmaceuticals
• Retail
• Manufacturing
• Higher Education
• Federal, State & Local Government

Our Professional Team
• Average of 10 to 15 years IT Project Management experience
• PMP certified
• International experience
• Multi lingual COLUMBIA Technologies applies the best science, technology, data best practices, and engineering to help owners monetize environmentally challenged real property assets.  Organizations seeking to reduce the risk, uncertainty, and costs of investigation and remediation rely on COLUMBIA Technologies for on-target, data-driven assessments and site management strategies that help achieve sustainable long-term outcomes.

COLUMBIA Technologies is a global specialty contractor dedicated to providing world-class innovative data collection, analyses, visualization, mapping and tracking tools for subsurface soil and groundwater contamination to environmental, legal and property professionals.

Truly global in reach, COLUMBIA Technologies works with collaborative partners worldwide to serve international corporations wherever they are, transfer technology to local providers and improve economic conditions with environmentally sustainable solutions.

Our technologies include:

SmartData Solutions® our patented cloud-based process that integrates high-resolution data collection and interactive reporting tools to optimize the evaluation and design of soil and groundwater remediation programs.

High-Resolution Site Characterization technologies including direct imaging tools, laser induced fluorescence, optical imaging probes, and high-resolution sampling to determine the extent of subsurface contamination, track soil and groundwater changes and profile existing remediation systems.

Certified Onsite Mobile Laboratory Services, delivered through our fully equipped mobile labs, save valuable time by offering rapid analysis of volatile organic compound (VOC) contaminants in vapor, soil, and groundwater.
 We create information that allows you to reduce your risk and make better decisions in the energy sector. Our work brings greater transparency to a market that has traditionally been opaque. Our ambition is to be the most comprehensive data provider in the energy sector. Xelerate LLC is a Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO) firm that manages all or part of your recruiting process.  

We provide a customized approach that drives cost and operational efficiencies into the recruiting process. This results in the talent you need at a price and pace that supports your business requirements. 

We know the difference between...

Cost and value 
Our unique approach replaces the standard high cost commission-based contingency model with a fixed, low cost, results-driven service. 

Quantity and quality
Unlike contingency firms we don’t inundate you with resumes. We ensure your time is spent wisely by presenting only qualified candidates that fit your position and culture. By presenting custom matches, we help increase your organization’s focus and efficiency.

Technology and science
An applicant tracking system is only as good as the data entered and the analysis performed. Leveraging technology, we transform data into a strategy, improving your recruiting metrics and process.

Value, quality and service... aligned with your business needs.

Follow us on Twitter @ www.https://twitter.com/XelerateRPO From offices in London, Hong Kong, Singapore, Bangkok, Kuala Lumpur and Dubai, our consultants work within specialist teams recruiting for permanent, interim and temporary positions. Our core areas of expertise include: 

•	Accounting & Finance
•	Advanced Analytics & Data Science
•	Business Support
•	Business Transformation
•	Digital & e-Commerce
•	Financial Services
•	Human Resources
•	Insurance
•	Legal
•	Life Sciences
•	Manufacturing & Engineering
•	Procurement
•	Real Estate
•	Retail
•	Sales & Marketing
•	Supply Chain & Logistics
•	Strategy
•	Technology                  

We have a clear and bold vision to change the way the world thinks about recruitment. We want to dispel the stereotypes and myths long associated with recruitment and show people that we do things differently. We are raising the bar. We are brought together by a common set of values, which sit at the very heart of our business. This is a new world order for recruitment where insight, agility, talent, trust and results are key.

We are a team of functional and sector specialists. We deliver a genuinely consultative service that is underpinned by the depth of both our market knowledge and the client and candidate networks we have developed. We build relationships, not databases, and add real
value that helps organisations and individuals grow.

For more information, please visit our website - argyllscott.com Bigdatapump specializes in providing next generation data and analytics services. As a forerunner in the field we assist our clients in becoming data driven. 

Our objective is to drive success through better decisions. We offer consultation, technology solutions and implementation services that enable companies to improve customer service, optimize business processes, and maximize business value.

Bigdatapump is now CGI Advanced Analytics Solutions. We are your trusted partner in cloud transformation in the Northern Europe. Keep following us on CGI's LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/company/cgi/ Silver Bullet Water Treatment  is committed to providing the most cost effective and environmentally responsible water treatment solutions.

We are currently treating water for commercial and industrial cooling, agriculture and livestock operations, and shrimp aquaculture farms. The company’s proprietary, photochemical water treatment system controls microorganisms and scale formation without the use of toxic chemicals. Silver Bullet’s patented technology is successfully operating in data centers, office buildings, hospitals, convention centers, factories and other commercial and industrial locations throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico.

Any facility with a cooling tower can be easily retrofitted to accommodate this system. Our customers include NORAD's Cheyenne Mountain ASF, the Denver Museum of Nature and Science, the Oxford Hotel in Denver, the Willard InterContinental in Washington DC and hundreds of others across the United States.

Silver Bullet also focuses on the treatment of livestock drinking water.  Beginning in late 2012, Silver Bullet began treating the drinking water for livestock.  This is an area of water treatment that has rarely been addressed.  Silver Bullet provides a an odorless and tasteless biocide that kills bacteria and reduces scale and bio-film buildup in livestock drinking water. 

Studies on shrimp farm water quality have been conducted by third-party laboratories such as University of Arizona Aquaculture Pathology Lab and the Federal Research Center on Nutrition and Development (CIAD) in Sinaloa, Mexico.  Silver Bullet Water Treatment has been proven to  reduce levels of harmful bacteria, including Vibrio parahaemolyticus which causes EMS/APHNS, in aquaculture applications.  Silver Bullet Water Treatment uses a highly effective, US EPA recognized Advanced Oxidation Process (AOP) for disinfection while maintaining a small residual of hydrogen peroxide for lasting biocide activity. W3.Digital is a strategic design consultancy that delivers digital innovation, products, and services. We work with our clients to find digital solutions that rapidly drive a competitive advantage, accelerate revenues and grow margins.

We do this through:

• Future State Consulting
• Rapid Innovation & Design
• Project Execution & Delivery

We look for and are proud to work with brands that respect their customer, work hard at making things easy and are curious & determined to succeed in a market that never stops evolving. 

We are a team of problem solvers, strategists, designers & developers that all thrive on collaboration, fun & knowledge. If that's not enough.. check out what our recent clients have said & get in touch to chat more!

-  "W3.Digital honed in on what was being done, what could be improved & where to direct our investments across digital. They went above & beyond and provided us with actionable recommendations, the technology stack to implement & a direction for the future. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend W3.Digital - they had the smarts & experience to deliver exactly what we needed." Chris Heverin, Managing Director - Spartan Race Australia.

-  "We found W3 to be efficient and engaging to work with and the quality of their final deliverable was exactly what we needed. They have a strong Service Design focus and are a delight to deal with. I have no hesitation in recommending their services to any prospective clients." Charlie Carpentari, Director, Innovation – Shout For Good.

- "From the outset, W3 understood the complexities of our systems, the needs of our stakeholders and the goals of our customers, the students. They have created a long term strategic vision that highlighted the need for true digital innovation, not just site redevelopment." Cameron McPherson, Associate Director, Digital Strategy - ACU.




 Auto Auction Services Corporation (AASC) is better known by the name of our core platform: AutoIMS. As the trusted technology service provider for auto auctions and the wholesale remarketing industry, AutoIMS delivers applications and solutions enabling streamlined data connections and processes. 
Through an approach that values both art & science, AutoIMS is able to connect over 1,200 commercial consignors, 650+ auto auctions, and numerous 3rd party providers, driving efficiencies and greater returns for our entire client network. We take care of our people, we stay ahead of technology, and we are unwavering in our commitment to client experience. Learn more at www.autoims.com or www.autoimssolutions.com. Las Vegas' Online Marketing Leader

IMI Vegas is a locally focused subsidiary of Internet Marketing Inc. (IMI), one of the fastest-growing, full-service online marketing agencies in the country, with offices in San Diego, Las Vegas, and New York. In fact, IMI was ranked by Inc. Magazine as no. 185 overall and no. 26 in Advertising & Marketing on the 2012 Inc. 500 list of Fastest Growing Companies.

Our Vegas team has decades of experience in the local market providing online marketing, developing websites, driving traffic and building brands.  We are here to make sure that your business gets the high caliber of service that it deserves. The Simons Foundation is a private foundation established in 1994 in New York City by Jim and Marilyn Simons. With an annual grants and programs budget of $300 million, the foundation’s mission is to advance the frontiers of research in mathematics and the basic sciences.

The foundation pursues its mission through its grant-making division, comprising programs in Mathematics & Physical Sciences, Life Sciences, Education & Outreach and autism research, and through its internal research division, the Flatiron Institute.

FLATIRON INSTITUTE
The mission of the Flatiron Institute is to advance scientific research through computational methods, including data analysis, modeling and simulation.

New experimental techniques in many fields of study are creating enormous amounts of raw, complex and sometimes noisy data. Understanding and learning from these data and modelling the complex processes they reflect is a pressing concern in the scientific community. At the same time, advances in concepts, algorithms and computation are enabling new kinds of simulations that can capture rich nonlinear, and often time-dependent, processes. These simulations demand increased sophistication in scientific technique, algorithmic development and computation.

The Simons Foundation launched the Flatiron Institute to address these challenges, developing new conceptual, algorithmic and computational methods and bringing them to bear on important scientific issues. The institute provides a highly interactive research environment for physicists, biologists, astronomers, chemists, computational scientists, data scientists and programmers to work together to create, deploy, apply and support state-of-the-art computational methods.

The institute currently comprises the Center for Computational Biology, launched in 2013 as the Simons Center for Data Analysis; the Center for Computational Astrophysics, launched in 2016; and the Center for Computational Quantum Physics, launched in 2017. The work of these centers is supported by the Scientific Computing Core.

To learn more, please visit the: https://www.simonsfoundation.org/flatiron/


MATHEMATICS & PHYSICAL SCIENCES (MPS)
The Mathematics & Physical Sciences program supports work in mathematics, theoretical computer science and theoretical physics. 

LIFE SCIENCES
The Life Sciences program works to advance basic research in life sciences, with, among other efforts, large grant programs in ocean ecology and in the origins of life.

SIMONS FOUNDATION AUTISM RESEARCH INITIATIVE (SFARI)
The Simons Foundation Autism Research Initiative is a campaign that aims to improve the understanding, diagnosis and treatment of autism by funding innovative research of the highest quality and relevance. SFARI also supports the editorially independent autism research news site Spectrum.

OUTREACH & EDUCATION
Outreach & Education supports and promotes scientific literacy in society generally. Specifically, the program supports the nonprofit Math for America and the independent science news site, Quanta Magazine. This program’s Science Sandbox initiative seeks to unlock scientific thinking in all people, so that science becomes a more integral part of culture.

You may access our 2016 online annual report here: https://www.simonsfoundation.org/report2016/stories/ With offices in London and Sydney, Resources Group is one of the leading specialist recruitment firms for Insights, Data Analytics and Marketing/BD. 

We are a team of highly experienced recruiters who work collaboratively to provide a premium service to our applicants and clients, who include some of the most iconic corporate and agency brands. 

Our specialist teams provide market-leading recruitment expertise in three key sectors: 

- Insights & Market Research
- Marketing for Professional Services
- Data Analytics & Data Science 


For further details on our serv ices and to view the very latest opportunities, please visit www.resourcesgroup.com International School of Engineering (INSOFE) was launched in 2011 with an aim to transform the applied engineering education space in India with current focus area as Big Data Analytics / Data Science. The vision of INSOFE is to be the best place in the world for students and working professionals to learn Applied Engineering.

INSOFE is the only institute in Asia, the analytics programs of which are certified by the prestigious Language Technologies Institute (LTI) of Carnegie Mellon University (CMU), USA for the quality of content, pedagogy and assessment.

Our 22 weekend program (CPEE) on Big Data Analytics and Optimization (BDA&O) was listed 3rd globally and 2nd among academic institutions for Big Data certifications that "Pay off"​ by the authoritative CIO Magazine – July 2014; it is sandwiched between Columbia University's certificate program at #2 and Stanford University's at #4 and the only institute outside the US to be listed in this review. This was also listed 2nd amongst the “7 Big Data Certifications You Must Know/Probably Have” by EFYTimes.com – August 2014 and at the top in About.com.

INSOFE does high-end consulting globally for product, consulting and services companies in various domains, helping them build their Centres of Excellence in the space of Big Data and Analytics.

Unique collaboration with three world-class universities in the US which offer Masters program in Analytics and give special scholarships to INSOFE students.

INSOFE is listed in “Top 10 Analytics Training Institutes in India” by Analytics India Magazine – January 2013.

2 of our mentors (Dr. Dakshinamurthy and Dr. Sreerama K Murthy) listed among the top 10 Analytics Academicians in India by Analytics India Magazine. Metromile is revolutionizing car ownership to fit your lifestyle. If you aren’t driving much, you shouldn’t be paying much. With pay-per-mile insurance and our smart driving app, we aim to make car ownership less expensive, more convenient, and as simple as it can be. Over the past 30+ years, ZyLAB has been working closely with corporations, law firms, and governmental agencies to deal with regulatory requests, high frequency eDiscovery, M&A, contract discovery and review, FOIA and Public Records Requests, investigations, and audits.

ZyLAB’s integrated and customer-centric approach to eDiscovery has resulted in a scalable, proven, and award-winning eDiscovery platform: ZyLAB ONE eDiscovery. 

ZyLAB ONE eDiscovery uses the latest Artificial Intelligence and Data Science tools to accelerate truth-finding missions along the typical dimensions Who, When, Where, Why, What, How, and How Much.
ZyLAB is positioned as “leader” in Gartner’s latest Magic Quadrant for eDiscovery Software, ranked #1 for complete EDRM eDiscovery in analysts’ “Critical Capabilities for E-Discovery Software” report and has received numerous other industry accolades over the last 3 decades.

ZyLAB facilitates truth-finding missions through large or small electronic datasets related to business critical projects of governmental agencies, law firms and companies of any size.
ZyLAB’s products are trusted by Fortune 1000 companies, government agencies, courts, regulatory agencies, and law firms worldwide and has nearly 10,000 installations and 2 million users.
Headquartered in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and McLean, Virginia, ZyLAB also serves local markets from regional offices throughout the US, Barcelona, London, and Singapore. To learn more about ZyLAB, visit www.zylab.com
 Asterion is an executive search and talent advisory firm with singular focus on Digital, Data Science and Risk Management. We help our customers achieve the highest possible return on their human capital investment through an unparalleled combination – “the benefits of a specialist boutique with a strong global perspective”. 

 At OMsignal, we believe that greatness comes from within.  We seamlessly weave technology into life by designing beautiful and functional smart apparel to help people live active, fit and healthy lives. With OM’s technology, clothes can read the body’s deepest signals, interpret them into actionable insights, and wirelessly communicate them directly to your mobile device. OM is the maker of OMbra, the world’s smartest sports bra, and OMrun, the mobile app experience for mindful running. We also power leading apparel brands with our proprietary platform, serving as the smart textile and software technology of choice behind Ralph Lauren’s PoloTech collection. 

Founded in 2011 by Stephane Marceau and Frederic Chanay, OMsignal is home to a multidisciplinary team of professionals, including smart textile engineers and designers, software and hardware engineers, biomedical and sports scientists, mobile UX developers, as well as active apparel marketers. 

OM is based in Montreal, Canada, the global hub for smart textile innovation. The Institute for Infocomm Research (I²R pronounced as i-squared-r) is a member of the Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR) family. Established in 2002, our mission is to be the globally preferred source of innovations in `Interactive Secured Information, Content and Services Anytime Anywhere’ through research by passionate people dedicated to Singapore’s economic success. I²R performs R&D in information, communications and media (ICM) technologies to develop holistic solutions across the ICM value chain. Our research capabilities are in information technology, wireless and optical communication networks, interactive and digital media, signal processing and computing. We seek to be the infocomm and media value creator that keeps Singapore ahead. Like us on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/i2r.research Droom is India’s first and only online marketplace for buying and selling new and used automobiles. At 65%+ of the automobile transactions market share online, Droom is the largest auto portal in India. Droom is not only the largest online automobile platform in India but also the 3rd  largest E-commerce company in India in terms of GMV. The automobile platform is category, seller, price, condition, and geography agnostic. 

The platform has four marketplace formats i.e. B2C, C2C, C2B and B2B, and three pricing formats - Fixed Price, Best Offer and Auction. The platform offers wide range of categories from bicycle to plane and all automobile services such as warranty, RSA, insurance and auto loan. Droom uses data science to build trust at scale with a US Patent technology called Full Circle Trust Score. Droom has also built the de-facto pricing standard for used vehicles in India – OBV, which has a US patent.  Droom has built the entire ecosystem for India so that the transaction for used automobiles can take place with least degree of information asymmetry and morale hazard. 

It has built tech and data science heavy tools to create the entire ecosystem around used automobiles, including OBV (pricing engine), Eco (121 points vehicle inspection), History (200 mil vehicle history records), Discovery (dozens of pre-buying tools) and Credit (India’s first and only marketplace for used vehicles loans).

Droom is currently doing $412 mil in annualized GMV growing at the rate of 350% Y/Y, 215k auto dealers (largest auto dealers platform in India), presence in 500+ cities across India (largest hyper local marketplace), 18.75 mil+ monthly visitors, nearly 7 Mil+ app downloads and 5.5 Mil+ Facebook community.  

Droom has the best unit economics as compared to any other E-commerce platform in India. The company spends less than 5% of GMV to run marketing and the entire cost of the company is less than 4% of GMV in terms of the net burn.  Droom is the only E-commerce platform which has successfully built the cost advantage and sophistication of the tech platforms with the strong data science layer, nobody else has been able to do it in India. 

Droom is founded by Sandeep Aggarwal, who previously founded ShopClues at his house in California in Oct 2010, which became 5th Unicorn in India by January 2016.  Droom is a Singapore Holding Company with its subsidiary in India and United States. Droom has so far raised close to $65 million dollars in five rounds of funding.  Droom is head quartered in Gurgaon, India with a team size of 270+.

Let's stay connected:

Blog: http://blog.droom.in/

Twitter: https://twitter.com/letsdroom

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/droom-in

Visit droom.in or download the Android & iOS apps, and get that 'feeling nayi waali'​! Infer was acquired by Ignite Technologies in October 2017. Infer products are still alive and thriving, and now benefit from the support of Ignite’s world class technology teams and unwavering commitment to customer success. To learn more, visit ignitetech.com. TH_NK is a digital transformation agency. We work with clients like Vue, Butlins, Warner Bros., New Look and Atom Bank to set and realise their digital ambitions. 

10 years has taught us that the need for digital transformation comes in waves. When, in a perfect storm organisations are no longer aligned to a common goal, customers’ expectations outpace their experience, and technology becomes a constraint rather than an enabler.  

We uniquely blend the skills and talent from the three kinds of partner clients typically need today.  We combine the business focus of consultancies, the customer centricity of agencies, and the tech capability of systems integrators. We believe this makes us a true partner for change.

TH_NK. Digital ambitions. Realised. Qatar Computing Research Institute (QCRI), a national research institute within Hamad bin Khalifa University, was established in 2010 by Qatar Foundation for Education, Science and Community Development, a private, non-profit organization that is supporting Qatar’s transformation from a hydrocarbon-based economy to knowledge-based economy.   

QCRI is a national research institute supporting Qatar Foundation’s mission to build Qatar’s innovation and technology capacity by focusing on large-scale computing challenges that address national priorities for growth and development.  

In doing this, QCRI conducts world-class multidisciplinary computing research that is relevant to the needs of Qatar, the wider Arab region, and the world. It performs cutting-edge research in such areas as Arabic language technologies, social computing, data analytics, and cloud computing. DMEautomotive (DMEa) is the industry leader in science-based, results-driven automotive marketing, and provides turnkey marketing to the largest and most innovative automotive organizations.

From automobile dealerships to many of the largest aftermarket companies in the U.S. DMEa's uniquely panoramic view of the complete automotive sales and service market, combined with its cutting-edge, science-based marketing programs, increases customer yield, conversion and retention.

Supported by DMEa’s proprietary, cloud-based Red Rocket Technology Platform, the DMEa product suite includes science-based, data-driven, multi-channel customer acquisition and retention marketing programs; best-in-class campaign reporting; data management and analytics; auto-focused Customer Interaction Center solutions, and complete on-site mail and email fulfillment services. Headquartered in Daytona Beach, Florida, DMEa also has major operations in Jacksonville, Fla. The demand for Big Data talent is growing at unprecedented speeds. Consequently, each open job is requiring a unique blend of specialized skills.  It is because of this imbalance that there are far more open jobs than qualified experts to fill them.  At CPSI, our focus is identifying top talent in the areas of: Big Data | Infrastructure | IoT | Data Science | Analytics.

CPSI is certified by the Dept. of Veterans Affairs (CVE) as a VOSB (Veteran-Owned Small-Business). We provide focused technical expertise resolving the challenges associated with Big Data. Our team of veteran technologists with over 100 years of combined experience, enables us to quickly understand the unique technical needs of our clients to provide them resources that match both their technology and culture needs. Our customers include technology vendors, emerging and innovative vendors, Fortune 1000 companies, Government agencies to small boutique companies. We provide the best talent pool to help you meet your big data challenges. With over 200 clients, the Phoenix family of companies is led by Phoenix Capital, Inc. (PCI). Since its founding in 1996, PCI has grown into a market leading mortgage banking advisor that specializes in mortgage servicing rights (MSRs). PCI helps its clients succeed by creating uniquely tailored strategies to achieve best execution for a client’s objectives. Having managed over $700 billion of MSR transactions since 2013 alone, PCI's specialized management team offers unmatched understanding of the MSR market.

Phoenix Analytic Services (PAS), provides the most accurate market intelligence in the servicing rights industry. PAS guides its clients via MSR Valuation, MSR Accounting, and MSR Best Ex (e.g. retain vs release) services.

Since 2000, Phoenix Asset Management (PAM) has focused on providing best-in-class REO/Short Sale management and disposition services. PAM sets itself apart by managing the client’s assets at the property level to maximize returns rather than simply driving traditional tasks associated with liquidation.

Phoenix Collateral Advisors (PCA) is a residential mortgage servicing and loan level surveillance firm. Since 2005, PCA has conducted comprehensive audits (e.g. change management, KPI metrics, regulatory compliance, etc.), policy & procedure build-outs, and asset management across a number of mortgage servicing platforms, portfolios and product types.

Phoenix Whole Loan Solutions (PWLS) is a boutique residential mortgage investment firm. PWLS provides clients with a unique level of service, depth of knowledge and unparalleled experience as a principal purchaser, intermediary, or loan sale advisor. PWLS utilizes the latest technologies from data science and machine learning, combined with real time market intelligence providing Phoenix clients with best in class mark-to-market services, portfolio management and risk analysis for all types of mortgage loans. 

To learn more call (303) 892-7070, or email phnxinfo@phnxcap.com. Originate designs and builds custom software products that solve complex problems, with a focus on time-to-market, scalability, and business impact. 

We work with large enterprises to build revolutionary new products and reimagine legacy systems. We also partner with high growth startups to help them accelerate their vision and create a competitive advantage.

Founded in 2007, we have 150 employees based in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Newport Beach, New York, Las Vegas, and Berlin.
 DATA SCIENCE POWERED BY OIL & GAS DOMAIN EXPERTISE

OPEX Group helps oil and gas operating companies to increase production through the smart application of predictive technologies and applied data science.

X-PAS™, our Predictive Analysis Service, enables our customers to unlock a new layer of value from their operational data, discover new information about their assets and predict the future performance of their production critical systems.  By combining a deep knowledge of data science together with oil and gas domain expertise, we offer our customers a unique service to maximise production and improve performance.

As an industry first, the X-PAS™ service recently won the Oil & Gas UK award for Business Innovation.  Together with our customers we are achieving outstanding results.  Seed helps people, companies, and governments around the world think scientifically. 

With a track record of disruptive innovation in areas ranging from scientific publishing to science and design to data visualization, and a portfolio spanning technology, consulting, and digital media, Seed exists to catalyze universal science literacy.

To learn more, visit: http://seedmediagroup.com/scientific.html The leap from transactional automation to cognitive automation is imminent and it will forever transform the way we work. 
 
At Aera, we deliver the technology that enables the Self-Driving Enterprise: a cognitive operating system that connects you with your business and autonomously orchestrates your operations.
 
Aera is backed by some of the world’s best investors, including New Enterprise Associates (NEA) and Georgian Partners, with over $90 million for growth and research. 
 
Aera serves the Global 1000 from 8 offices, and is headquartered in Mountain View, California.
 Naturvetarna är fackförbundet för akademiker inom naturvetenskap. Vi coachar, företräder och stöttar naturvetare på hela arbetsmarknaden, från studietiden och genom hela arbetslivet.

Vi har 32 500 medlemmar inom life science, jord, skog och miljö, de fysiska vetenskaperna, matematik och data. Som expert på naturvetares kompetens och arbetsmarknad erbjuder vi specialiserad service och rådgivning kring karriär, lön och arbetsvillkor. Tillsammans med andra fackliga organisationer förhandlar vi kollektivavtal som reglerar villkoren på svensk arbetsmarknad.

Naturvetarna är ett partipolitiskt obundet fackförbund inom Saco, Sveriges akademikers centralorganisation, vars förbund organiserar medlemmar efter utbildningsområde. 

www.naturvetarna.se
 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Naturvetarna, the Swedish Association of Professional Scientists, is the trade union for science graduates. We coach, represent and support professional scientists throughout their working lives, starting as a university student.  

We have 32 500 members working in life sciences, geology, forestry, environment, physical sciences, academic research, mathematics and computer science. A third of our members hold a PhD or a Licenciate. We represent them in all sectors of the labour market.

Together with other trade unions, we negotiate collective agreements that regulate conditions in the Swedish labour market. We are experts on professional scientists’ competence, skills and labour market. This means we are able to give advice on employment conditions, salaries and career issues for scientists. We do not find jobs for our members, but we coach them and supply them with tools so they can get to where they want to go in their careers.

The scientific skills of our members are invaluable to employers and society in general, so our objective is that they must enjoy good working conditions, salaries that reflect their competence and performance and good conditions for continuous development in their employment market.

Naturvetarna is politically independent. We are a part of Saco, the Swedish Confederation of Professional Associations, whose associations organise members according to their professional education.

We offer all our members individual support and advisory services in English. Read more about what we can offer you. 
 MineRP’s right of existence is located in its unique capability to amalgamate spatial big data for a “whole of business” or enterprise view of the entire extractive operation. MineRP has created an unrivalled platform to represent the science of mining and translate this domain to commercially focused business systems.

The company has an international presence with six offices on five continents around the world. We take pride in the fact that we employ only the best people from both the mining as well as software industries. As such, we have grown a reputation for expertise in the development of ground breaking technology and being astute advisors and partners when it comes to digitally transforming mining. 

Our Vision: 

 "To be the global standard for enterprise interoperability, integration and analytics solutions in the mining industry, founded on proven software and services, relevant business models and innovative partnering."​ Green City Solutions addresses the global problem of air pollution by combining a special, vertically installed moss culture with Internet-of-Things (IoT) technology. The product, called the “CityTree”, combines specific plants that eat particulate matter (PM) and nitrogen dioxide. 
The construction contains sensors collecting environmental and climatic data, to regulate and control the unit and ensure that the plants survive.  Thanks to solar panels and rain water retention systems, the unit requires only a few hours of maintenance per year. By using technologies like WiFi, NFC and digital screens, CityTrees can also transmit digital and visual information. B2B Pharmaceutical Market Research Company

EXPERTS IN B2B MARKET RESEARCH
Bluebox Research was founded in 2008 with the goal of breathing new life into the B2B market research industry.  Founded just outside of Hong Kong, Bluebox Research quickly made a name for itself through providing superior market research combined with extraordinary business insights and communication of results through innovative data visualizations.

Our team of researchers come from a variety of backgrounds allowing for greater synergistic insights to be drawn from each study.  This variation in talent is crucial to accurate market research data interpretation in the B2B marketing space due to the dynamic macroeconomic effects of substitute and complement industries.

“GARBAGE IN, GARBAGE OUT”
At the core of each of our research studies is the phrase “Garbage In, Garbage Out”.  At Bluebox Research we understand the fundamental role data quality plays in the overall integrity of the market research findings and interpretations.  To ensure the integrity of our reports, we have a dedicated department of panelist quality control who use validation techniques focused on ensuring the highest quality of data possible.

WHY B2B MARKET RESEARCH?
B2B market research is typically focused more on strategic decision making rather than consumer insights.  In this regard, when considering a major decision many executives, committees, and board members prefer the quantitative validation offered through proper statistical analysis of B2B research studies.

Normally the cost of a B2B research study is less than 1/10th the opportunity cost associated with operating under false assumptions drawn from “gut feelings”.  With such a stark cost/benefit ratio it is a wonder that decisions are ever made without the backing of a proper B2B market research study. AnalyticsWeek emerged as part of a massive community effort to build an ecosystem for big data analytics driven businesses and professionals. Our programs are focussed initiatives to help big data community with 3 core fundamental efforts: improve talent/technology recruitments, build effective partnerships and facilitate deeper community engagement with the power of online/offline channels.

AnalyticsWeek has rolled out various programs to facilitate faster recruitment of tools, techniques and talent for analytics driven businesses, improve partnership ecosystem and enable deeper community engagements.
 
Our currently active programs includes:
Analytics Street
Analytics Meet
Analytics Hour
Analytics Club
Analytics Fair
Future Unconference Studies show that who you hire for your business and the culture that you create within your business, goes a long way to determining your success.

At Farrell Associates, we are obsessed with helping our clients hire their ideal employees. We have developed a robust process, which uses our recruitment , behavioural science and people-management experience to help hire the best talent.

We aim to work with clients who share our passion for business culture and people.  We work in partnership and our internal dialogue and overall goal, is to add more value to our clients than anyone else in the talent industry. Cosmo Tech is a global technology company that helps the C-suite make optimal decisions. 

Through our unique methodology, we model and then simulate complex scenarios to accurately predict the outcome of events even if those events have never happened before. And we deliver interconnected insights that tell you how each part of your organization would be affected by your potential choices so you can make the best decisions for your company. 

What we do goes way beyond artificial intelligence, big data and data science to decision management. We transform companies by giving them reliable insight into the future. Effectory makes organisations more successful by using employees’ feedback and ideas. In our opinion, employees are vital for long-term improvement, because they know better than anyone what could be improved upon and what should be done more practically or smarter.

By involving them in the organisation during their whole career, they will experience more job satisfaction and will perform better – which, in turn, will make the organisation more innovative, mobile, and customer-focused. As European market leader, we have been doing this for no less than 20 years for more than 800 customers in over 65 countries.

We love data and sneakers. We are running ahead in technological innovation, inspired by our past experiences. Therefore, we combine experience, content, and science with the power of innovation and personal service. Our feedback tools are inspiring and easy to use, but also effective and cost-efficient. Every day, we work on achieving our one ultimate goal with our 150 enthusiastic professionals:  affecting long-term improvement in organisations, from the inside out. Thanks to many awards and satisfied clients, we can safely say that Precis is now one of the leading digital marketing agencies in Europe. Our task is to raise the performance of data-driven marketing. This we achieve by applying deep product knowledge, data science and proprietary technology.

As our founders are ex-Googlers, it’s a given that our culture is based on a genuine enthusiasm for data. Beyond this we’re thoroughly transparent in every way we can be, and truly inspired by the notion of excellence. And most importantly, we’re a friendly crowd of individuals from all over the world – so come and see us!

Just five years old, Precis is in a constant state of transformation. We don’t know exactly where we’ll be in another five years, but we’re sure to be pushing the boundaries of digital impact. Whatever it takes to help our client’s triumph online. 

To learn more about us, or the data-driven platforms we implement marketing solutions for, please visit us at one of the channels below. 


www.precisdigital.com
twitter.com/Precis_Digital
facebook.com/PrecisDigital We are international software development company working with successful tech driven businesses for 15+ years. Start-ups, agility, speed, flexibility, efficiency, automation, data science, data-driven BI advice, technology excellence – these are the keywords we live by. 

Our 300+ professionals’ industry experience covers B2B & B2C commerce, travel, metasearch platforms, marketplaces, manufacturing, transport, logistics, aviation and crowd economy areas. What makes us different? We always aim to provide a level of tech excellence that redefines what delivering value really means. 

Our clients: KAYAK, HomeToGo, Rocket Internet, SIXT, InterNations, etc. 
 Fusion Informatics is an Award winning and ISO Certified company that has been in business for 17  years. In those 17 years, we have worked with SME and F500 companies, having broad knowledge and domain expertise of various industries in IT outsourcing and application development. Our organization is managed by executives with technical team of 143+ computer programmers with International software development experience that dates back to the early 90’s. Our sales/support offices are located in USA, Australia, UK, Europe, Singapore, and Dubai.

Fusion Informatics provides Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Machine Learning, Cloud, Enterprise Mobility, & Business Process Automation solutions & services .

Fusion Informatics has built a talented team of highly qualified software engineers, web developers with a wealth of real world experience. They are techno commercial personnel having fine exposure of more than 17 years in total, they understand the need of the market and develop software and web application for both domestic and international markets.

Fusion Informatics is a technologically concentrated business aimed at providing customers cutting edge technology solutions in many areas. Telespazio VEGA UK is a dynamic and experienced consulting, technology and engineering services business based in Luton, UK. Following our merger into the Telespazio Group in 2011 we now have access to a vast array of world leading facilities and services, which we provide both within the UK and to our export markets. With a strong history in the European space arena starting in 1978, we have rich relationships across the space industry, with staff working closely with the European Space Agency (ESA) on programs and projects for 35 years. We now serve a wide range of public and private commercial markets globally by providing efficient, skilled support, the most up to date space data and services, and fundamentally, understanding and integrating the needs of our customers.

We have developed and harnessed our knowledge and expertise to deliver unique complex solutions for:
Satellite Systems and Applications: We offer robust and reliable ground segment systems for satellite missions and utilise space assets to develop downstream applications across a wide variety of sectors. We provide world leading scientific services on earth observation and space science missions. Our valued and experienced knowledgeable experts deliver consulting and engineering support to space missions worldwide. Enthusiasts of spatial data, open source & design. Geographica is a technology business specialized in Data Science, GIS and custom software solutions for web and mobile.

We design powerful tools to work, analyse and disseminate your information, maps and pictures in a simple way: integrate data coming from different sources, real time computation and visualization of indicators, create simulations, reports and collaborative tools.

We are really proud of our team made up of geographers, computer engineers, designers, architects, economists, biologists and engineers. We are always learning to innovate, implement the latest technologies for our projects and researching about the most amazing topics to work with: Smart-City, environment, economy, health, mobility, transport, society...

We think that much of the worldwide talent in computer sciences are put into Open Source projects, and they offer the best technical solutions for our own ones. Areté Associates, an employee-owned company, is an advanced science and engineering company that provides innovative solutions to the most challenging technical problems faced by the United States Defense and Intelligence agencies.  

Areté is derived from the Greek word “ἀρέτη”, meaning the pursuit of excellence and the achievement of maximum performance.

Areté was founded in 1976 by five scientists, tasked by the DoD to help solve the challenge of detecting weak signals in heavy clutter over very wide areas. The signatures involved in this work were so weak that any advancement in signal processing algorithms demanded a new approach and understanding of the underlying fundamentals affecting the sensors and signal phenomena in the environments of interest.

This first-principles-of-physics approach has been a hallmark of Areté’s development programs for the past 40 years

Areté now works across the electromagnetic spectrum. We develop sensors and the associated signal processing algorithms necessary for the extraction and interpretation of data for systems operating under water, in the atmosphere, and in space.

With our emphasis on enhanced signal processing and real-time executable software, Areté is able to improve the performance of existing sensor systems at fractions of the cost and time to operations of replacement systems. We work directly with customers and partners seeking maximum performance.

Building on our expertise in detection theory we will continue to exploit the contextual, spatial, spectral, and temporal characteristics of data, incorporating them into our signal processing algorithms. These robust algorithms will continue to enable Areté to rapidly deliver innovative solutions to the ever evolving challenges of our customers. CoreValue, a US-based Software and Technology Services company, providing traditional Cloud based CRM implementation services and Mobile applications to industries such as Pharmatech, Healthcare, and Finance. Customers trust CoreValue with Infrastructure services utilizing qualified and experienced staff in Data Science, Data Management, Database Services, Quality Assurance and traditional development.
For more than 10 years, CoreValue has pioneered agile distributed development to deliver innovative, dependable and cost-effective software and technology solutions to our global clients. As both a Salesforce® Registered Partner and a Gold Microsoft® Partner, CoreValue is a one-stop solution for products that transform business models. By implementing Social, Mobile, Analytics, and Cloud (SMAC) elements for use by both our clients and ourselves, we are taking businesses to the next level. iOLAP, Inc. is a big-data and advanced-analytics consultancy operating at the forefront of technology for more than two decades. With a client-centric and business-outcome perspective, we are completely focused on data technologies to create solutions that bring efficiencies, security, and scale to our clients.  iOLAP evaluates every client’s unique needs before recommending architectures and technologies.  We have selectively partnered with leaders in the space based on two (2) simple criteria: Capability & Usability. 

iOLAP delivers in-depth expertise in enterprise data warehousing (EDW), streaming low-latency data collection, in-memory processing, parallel processing, and predictive + prescriptive analytics.  We serve some of the world’s largest companies across all major industries. Unlike the expensive, big-name, and general technology consulting companies, we don’t try to do a little of everything. We focus on innovation and implementation of robust solutions to handle the variety, velocity, and volume of data you need to be a leader.  iOLAP is a one-stop source for… 

      •	Building a comprehensive data and technology road map; 
      •	Delivering strategic data-readiness assessments; 
      •	Overseeing database and platform migrations; 
      •	Integration of structured/unstructured data from disparate sources, and ETL implementations; 
      •	Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) implementation and support; 
      •	Developing executive dashboard and reporting systems; 
      •	Developing custom, advanced analytics; 
      •	Integration of enterprise systems with voice services such as Alexa, Cortana, and Google Assistant.

iOLAP provides leadership and guidance to keep you ahead of the competition.  We can help.  MindWave is an end-to-end IT solutions company that aims to drive disruptive innovation by connecting data, devices and demographics to enrich human experience and enhance business value. The company was founded in 2005 in Singapore, and is now backed by venture funding from Nomura Research Institute. With a presence across Asia Pacific, MindWave delivers real-time intelligence across Data Science and Analytics, M2M Communications and Managed Services across the Smart Cities and Smart Health verticals. Through these unique solutions, we have enabled clients in both public and private sectors to innovate processes, increase efficiency and collaborate on a global scale. Some of our technology partners include Honeywell, EMC, Motorola and SAP. 

MindWave’s Awards & Industry Recognitions:

• Chairman Vinod Menon recognized as one of Top 13 Established Entrepreneurs in Singapore at the Entrepreneur of the Year Award 2014
• Winner (M2M Communications), CIO Choice 2014
• Promising SME 500 2014 Campaign
• Honoree of the Asia Pacific Brands Award 2014
• Finalist at HRM Awards 2014
• Platinum Award at the Midas Touch Asia Enterprise Award 2013
• Fastest Growing 50 Award 2012 by DP Information Group, among all Singapore 1000 and Singapore SME 1000 winners
• Ranked 86th in the Deloitte Technology Fast500 Asia Pacific 2010 Awards, the only company from Singapore in Top 100
• Top 15 Emerging Enterprise Award 2010 by OCBC Bank and the Business Times
• Mr.Vinod Menon awarded Top Entrepreneur for ”The Entrepreneur of the Year Award’ by Rotary-ASME 2012, ‘Outstanding Entrepreneur Award’ by APEA 2011 and ‘Top 5 Leading Indian Entrepreneurs in Singapore 2010′ (Medium Enterprise) by SICCI-DBS Singapore Indian Entrepreneur Awards 2010
• Winner of Spirit of Enterprise Award 2010, Singapore
• Awarded ISO 9001: 2008 quality management system
• Achieved MSC status in Malaysia Determined to solve your company's toughest data-driven business problems and answer your most challenging questions through careful analysis, we at Aunalytics challenge you to rethink the value and power of your data.  Our mission is to help mid-sized organizations leverage data to solve their most challenging problems, deliver superior results, and change lives; all while directly impacting their bottom lines. 

We are a technology company that offers data analytics and predictive modeling solutions, primarily in the areas of financial services, retail, and non-clinical healthcare data.

We help businesses improve their efficiency, drive revenue, and increase conversions through a variety of operational, consumer, and digital analytics solutions. Through the fusion of math, statistics, and computer science, we develop customized algorithms to answer our clients' most pressing business questions—providing meaningful insights that increase their ROI. "Recognition of qualifications is not science - but it requires a scientific method."​ 
- Dr Cloud Bai-Yun, Chief Executive

UK NARIC is the designated United Kingdom national agency for the recognition and comparison of international qualifications and skills. It performs this official function on behalf of the UK Government.

For individuals – UK NARIC helps those seeking study, work or settlement in the UK. With advice and services to assist with the recognition of international qualifications. 

For organisations,  UK NARIC provides vital support to universities, colleges and employers with international recruitment and the processing of international applications for work or study. A range of subscription packages offers 24/7 access to our online data banks of international education systems and qualifications, plus online support. For occasional users, short term packages and one-off services are also available.

Organisations can also capitalise on our research, specialist knowledge and expertise with our training workshops, seminar events and annual conference. We also offer eTraining, bespoke training and on-site support.. 

UK NARIC offers worldwide advanced research and consultancy we are sought out by national governments, educational authorities, professional institutes and secondary, vocational and higher education awarding bodies as an expert consultant for advice, specialist technical input, capacity building and development. 

UK NARIC represents the UK Government in the forums of the European Union the council of Europe and UNESCO and is an active and leading member of the International network of ENIC-NARIC agencies and has been an important contributor to the work of the Asia-Europe ASEM in establishing the network of National Information Centre's (ANICs) throughout Asia 81qd is a global industry leader in opinion leader science. Our offerings are customized, brand-specific, and evidence based.  We are US/EU Safe Harbor certified.  We integrate clinical and scientific expertise with proprietary technology which allows us to transform data into actionable insights, allowing us to help our pharmaceutical and biotechnology clients optimize the clinical and commercial potential of their brands. BioTrillion is a little company tackling a big problem.  Each year, trillions of dollars are ineffectively spent on healthcare and trillions of life data points are ineffectively connected to understanding our health.  There has to be a better way. 

Today, we are at an inflection point where biology is finally transitioning out of an analog world and into a digital one at an exponential pace.  We now have an opportunity to apply this “big data” of life – analyzed with advancements in deep learning and artificial intelligence – toward a meaningful endeavor: healthcare.   Technology has amplified human abilities in many ways and better care for our own health should be no exception.  

We are developing one of the first platforms to consolidate and compute existing biomedical + contextual life data points, from sources available in a personal setting, to enable people to detect health conditions more effectively and intervenably – before becoming patients.  

For more details regarding the below opps, please reach out to: contact@biotrillion.com

- Part/full-time jobs in specialized niches within Computer and Life Sciences, Healthcare, and Business.   
- Seed equity for qualified angel and individual investors.  Our corporate counsel is Latham and Watkins.    The Council for Geoscience (CGS) is one of the National Science Councils of South Africa and is the legal successor of the Geological Survey of South Africa, which was formed in 1912 by the amalgamation of 3 former Surveys, the oldest of which - the Geological Commission of the Cape of Good Hope - was founded in 1895. The Council for Geoscience was established in terms of the Geoscience Act (Act No. 100 of 1993), the Act was later amended in 2010, to establish the Geoscience Amendment Act (Act No. 16 of 2010). 

As a scientific research council, the CGS is mandated to provide for the promotion of research and the extension of knowledge in the field of geoscience as well as the provision of specialised geoscientific services. The Council has a national footprint in the country, with the Head Office located in Silverton, Pretoria and various other Regional Offices located in Polokwane (Limpopo), Cape Town (Western Cape), Pietermaritzburg & Durban (Kwazulu Natal), Port Elizabeth (Eastern Cape) and Upington (Northern Cape). Today, the Council is a modern institution, boasting excellent facilities and expertise, ranking among the best in Africa. 

The CGS provides the following diverse professional services:

- Geophysical Airborne and Ground Surveys,
- Geological Mapping,
- Seismology,
- Geochemistry,
- Engineering Geosciences (including Geotechnical Services), 
- Mineral Resources Development including Mining and Minerals Services,
- Water Geoscience/Hydrological Services, 
- Environmental Management and Rehabilitation,
- Marine Geoscience
- Spatial Data and GIS Services; and
- Regional Geological Surveys and Map compilations including Core Drilling Services. First Engineering Group is a leading manufacturer of ultra precision moulds, plastics components and modular manufacturing assembly for high technology engineering applications.

Headquartered in Singapore, First Engineering offers an integrated suite of solutions including product design, tooling, production and assembly services predominantly for the hard disk drive ("HDD"), PC peripherals, optical related products, life science, health care, business machine and automotive industries.

With operations in Singapore, Malaysia, India and China, the Group has a staff strength of about 2,900 regionally and 600,000 sq ft of manufacturing space with over 430 injection moulding machines. The Group's customers include major players in diverse industries including data storage, business machine, automotive and health care. Open Data Group’s mission to simplify using analytics in production started with world-renowned data scientist and Frederick H. Rawson University of Chicago professor Bob Grossman. In 2002, Bob built a team of Data Science and IT professionals to form Open Data Group and help Fortune 1000 companies leverage analytic assets. As the era of big data ushered in the era of analytic and predictive model applications,

Open Data Group transformed into what we are today.

In 2015, technology veterans Pete Foley CEO and Stu Bailey CTO joined to leverage the team’s deep expertise and history in data science and IT consultation to create enterprise grade software for deploying analytic and predictive models. Open Data Group has offices in Chicago, IL and San Jose, CA. www.analytics-link.com is a Global hub for Analytics & Insights, Data Science & Machine Learning, Data Visualisation, Cloud Computing, A.I/Deep Learning, and more!
​
We are a community - meaning that while we are constantly writing articles, and sharing information & tips to keep you up to date in our fast-paced industry, we rely on you to contribute your knowledge as well as showcase you and/or your businesses latest tools and findings
​
Contributions are what make this community work.  The more we all put in, the more we all learn - and the more we all grow.

Successful contributions will be featured on our site's front page, as well shared to our relevant and engaged audience here on LinkedIn - what better way to get recognised for your skills and knowledge! Abto Software is a full-cycle custom software engineering company, launched in 2007.  We have earned a status of a trusted long-term software development partner for our customers in North America and the EU with a high quality delivery and business continuity. We deliver innovations to our customers: 
•	Operations Management System for one of the largest Railways networks in Europe
•	Software solution #1 in the world for horizontal drilling that applies advanced math modeling to accurately calculate drilling trajectory
•	Enterprise cloud software that handle millions of users each day with high performance and security level   
•	Award-winning energy efficiency solution, used nationwide

Solutions. We build and train intelligent applications that help businesses improve safety of people’s homes, fight fraud and reduce number of traffic incidents. By applying advanced computer vision algorithms, powered with machine learning we are able to extract meaningful information from images and translate it into real-world business applications.

Expertise
•	.NET Development
•	Java Development
•	ASP.NET Development
•	PHP Development
•	Android Development
•	iOS Development

Industries
•	Internet
•	Healthcare
•	Government
•	Construction & Real Estate
•	Distribution & Retail
•	Security
•	Telecommunications
•	Education & E-learning
•	Energy & Utilities We help companies of all sizes efficiently access capital at the lowest possible cost in order to accelerate disruptive growth.

WR Hambrecht + Co was founded in January 1998 to level the playing field for investors and our corporate clients. Our Founder and Chairman, Bill Hambrecht, is a Silicon Valley pioneer that has been financing growth companies from Apple to Google during his time at Hambrecht & Quist and WRH+Co. The firm’s impartial auctions have dramatically changed the traditional investment banking landscape by allowing the market itself to determine pricing and allocations.

Throughout our history, WRH+Co has been an innovative leader with a core philosophy based on three tenets:

* identifying exceptional companies
* helping them raise capital and go public early
* delivering efficient market pricing

Our current innovation initiatives include applying Data Science and Disruption Theory analytics to better understand companies and industries at all stages.

WR Hambrecht + Co is headquartered in San Francisco with offices in New York. 


****************************
WR Hambrecht + Co actively maintains our firm profile content on the LinkedIn site and is conscious of federal and self-regulatory rules.

WRH+Co cannot and does not control any other content on the LinkedIn site and cannot be responsible for it. The Clinical Research Training Center is a Canadian provider of International Clinical Research Training and Job Placement Support for medical or life science specialists, interested to enter the rewarding Clinical Research field. The program follows the university programs and the CRA / CRC certification exams syllabus and includes active Job Search  Training, Coaching and Support till hire and even 2 month after.

The CRTC goal is to provide students with all the skills & abilities, which are not included in the usual GCP courses but which they need to meet the industry requirements in order to be 100 % functional from the first day of hire. The training is available in English and French and the support is 7/7, including official holidays.

The Clinical Research Training Center is affiliated to the Community Center Zornica and operates as a non-profit organization with offices in Montreal and on the South shore. It was established to provide active job placement assistance and CRA /CRC training to local  or foreign  life science professionals in getting faster access to the  rewarding career of Clinical Research Associate or Coordinator  that matches their qualification. Founded in January 1st, 2005, the Institute of Molecular Systems Biology is a new Institute in the Department of Biology at the ETH Zurich.

The mission of the Institute is to develop, apply and teach the emerging science of Systems Biology. We understand Systems Biology as an approach to biological research that studies biological systems and processes as dynamic, integrated networks of interacting molecules. The underlying vision is that the structure and dynamics of such networks will provide insights into the function and control of biological systems that are not apparent from studying the systems’s components. Neither, the technologies to collect the data required to analyze molecular networks, nor the theory and tools to extract functional information from the data is well developed at present. A significant part of the activities in IMSB will therefore focus on the development of new technologies for the collection and analysis of quantitative data at high throughput and their integration into models that represent the behavior of the systems studied.

By its nature, systems biology is an interdisciplinary science. The IMSB strives to create a highly interactive working environment that is integrated within a network of collaborative projects. 
IMSB scientists are involved in SystemsX, the Swiss Initiative in Systems Biology, which includes the Center for Model Organism Proteomics (C-MOP) at the University of Zürich, the Competence Center for Systems Physiology and Metabolic Disease (CC-SPMD) at the ETH Zürich as well as the Center of Biosystems & Engineering (C-BSSE) of the ETH Zürich at Basel. The IMSB is also tightly linked to other international Systems Biology projects and institutes such as the Institute for Systems Biology (ISB) in Seattle, WA, the Yeast Systems Biology Network, and Advanced Systems Biology Courses. Alchemis was the first new business agency for the marketing, communications and creative industries and we continue to innovate. To put it simply, it’s our business to make your business grow.

Devising and implementing a successful new business campaign is both an art and a science.

Our strength lies in our powerful combination of thorough processes, sound data, a brilliant team of account managers and great relationships with all our clients.

We have experience of working with:

• Design, branding and tone of voice agencies
• Digital design agencies
• Market research agencies
• Digital marketing agencies
• Media buying and advertising agencies
• PR and communications consultancies
• SEO agencies
• Social media specialists
• Marketing consultancies
• Below the line agencies: field marketing, experiential, sales promotion, direct marketing, brand activation
• Management consultancies
• IT and software consultancies

We’ll evaluate your new business strategy and your proposition, fine-tune them and then create a campaign that guarantees success. Glow is an ambitious enterprise that uniquely applies the power of data science to health. Our personal health tracking products illuminate health through data, and empower people with new information about their bodies. We’ve also created a thriving Community in which women across all stages in life, all over the world, support and learn from each other about every topic imaginable. 

We aspire to bring a new face, new data, and new solutions to broken systems in the $2.5 trillion healthcare industry. Our goal is to enable people to manage their health in a whole new way. We've started with four mobile apps on iOS and Android: Eve by Glow, Glow, Glow Nurture, Glow Baby...and this is just the beginning. We’ve got an amazing team, and we're looking to grow. If you aren’t afraid of big problems and unchartered waters, then we want to talk to you. ChemADVISOR, Inc., a UL Company, is an industry leader in providing Environmental, Health, Safety and Transportation (EHS&T) information and solutions. Since our foundation in 1986, we have continued to provide our clients with compliance solutions to enable them navigate the ever-changing, chemical regulatory landscape.

Our database products, including LOLI (List of Lists), Navigator, Transportation Advisor and OHS Pure Substance Database provide the most comprehensive chemical regulatory information available. LOLI  contains hundreds of thousands of substances in over 6,000 lists. Our products are designed by EHS&T Experts to empower you to achieve compliance with regulations, author Safety Data Sheets (SDSs) and label statements in multiple languages, determining GHS and Transportation Classifications, and more. These tools are offered as a stand-alone product, or can easily be integrated into your existing applications.

Our consultants have experience with regulations in over 129 countries. We have written SDSs for hundreds of thousands mixtures and pure substances. Our experience has enabled us to be the leader in authoring SDSs and other HazCom documents. We are able to provide market readiness assessments to ensure that a product is ready and compliant for sale in a given market. We also provide in-house training to ensure your EHS&T staff are on the leading edge of compliance.

ChemADVISOR became a part of UL in November 2017. UL is a global safety science organization with more than a century of expertise and innovation in the fields of product safety testing, inspection and verification services.

UL partners with businesses, manufacturers, trade associations, regulators, and governments to play a key role in the development and harmonization of national and international standards. 

Contact us for more information about ChemADVISOR , UL or how we can help you meet your goals toward regulatory compliance.  The British Trust for Ornithology (BTO) is the UK’s leading bird research organisation harnessing the skills & enthusiasm of over 40,000 volunteers to monitor UK birds. We are guardians of some of the most extensive and long-running datasets about birds anywhere in the world. Our scientific work converts volunteer-gathered data into popular and peer-reviewed publications which provide the foundations of effective conservation action. We work hard to share our passion for birds with others, striving to make our surveys and science accessible to people of all ages, backgrounds and abilities. The Faculty of Computer and Information Science of the University of Ljubljana is Slovenia’s leading educational and research institution for computer and information science.

The Faculty’s main function is educating undergraduate and graduate computer science experts of various profiles, as well as engaging in research work which generates new knowledge and uncovers solutions to contemporary problems. The Faculty also offers additional educational activities in computer and information science for several professional profiles by hosting lectures and workshops to increase the level of computer literacy in the country. Its public events also serve to popularise ideas about computers, especially among young people.

The Faculty was founded in 1996, when the Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science split into two separate faculties. The study of computer science itself began at the University of Ljubljana back in 1973, first as an elective programme after the 2nd year of electrical engineering study, and has been an independent study programme since 1982. In 2014, the Faculty moved to a new building in Brdo at the outskirts of Ljubljana.

The Faculty is a full member of the University of Ljubljana. The University was founded in 1919 and is the oldest and largest higher education and scientific research institution in Slovenia. Teemo offers a digital performance marketing solution to retailers leveraging consumers offline behavior. Enlightened Recruitment. We work in the Data and Analytics market and apply our expertise and energy to three key sectors: Marketing & Insight, Data & Technology and Digital. Based in Bristol, we recruit for jobs all around the UK. Follow this page to be kept up to date on the latest industry insight and job openings. 

Bodhi Resourcing aims to deliver specialist recruitment services to clients and candidates that help them become enlightened. Through detailed engagement, pointed awareness and years of experience Bodhi Resourcing facilitates an opportunity to know each client and candidate on a deeper level in order to achieve better results. This combined with an extensive network of connections gives our partners a competitive edge when competing for talent.

Bodhi Resourcing is a specialist search recruitment business, and we use the word ‘specialist’ for three good reasons:

1. We have outstanding knowledge and expertise within the Data and Analytics market
2. In addition to our extensive talent pools, we employ a targeted head-hunt approach to ensure that we source & deliver the best candidates
3. We apply our industry-leading expertise (and technology) to select only those candidates that meet the brief. We’re Blastworks.  We make fun.  We build games that entertain, challenge and bring joy to millions.  We’re on your desk, lap or in your pocket.  Founded in 2015, Blastworks is the owner and publisher of Slingo® and the maker of nearly a dozen great games.  Blastworks collaborates with awesome developers around the world bringing their vision to life through games, supporting them with business savvy, data-science driven marketing and analytics. Aki Technologies revolutionizes how marketers engage mobile consumers. Through Katana, an industry-leading, AI-powered moment marketing science platform, Aki offers unparalleled audience intelligence, interpreting every mobile data signal—including Aki’s proprietary audience data—to predict when and how a consumer is most likely to respond to a marketing message. Leading brands, including Amazon, Johnson & Johnson, Target, Toyota and Taco Bell, use Aki Katana’s insights, mobile ad targeting and optimization to dramatically improve impact on awareness, engagement and in-store traffic. To learn more about Aki Technologies, visit www.a.ki. At Better, we make getting a mortgage fast, simple, and totally better.

From our offices in NYC, we're revolutionizing a $13 trillion industry. Americans pay more for housing than for almost all else combined – 33% of personal consumption expenditure. Yet somehow the mortgage process still takes nearly 50 days, costs over $5,000 in administrative fees, and requires more than 225 pages of paper and endless phone calls with commissioned loan brokers. We think this is insane – so we’re fixing it. 

Our team combines leading technologists from companies like Spotify and Google with a mortgage bank that has three generations of experience. Together we’re using data science, machine learning, and UX design to make the mortgage experience what it should be – an enjoyable and exciting part of the biggest transaction in most Americans’ lives.

We're always hiring top talent – help make financing a home better for all Americans! 

NMLS #330511 SDL, a nonprofit research corporation owned by the Utah State University Research Foundation, has over five decades of experience in developing innovative solutions for complex science and military sensing needs. SDL’s expertise includes IR, visible, UV, and hyperspectral sensors, real-time data compression/visualization, cryogenic and thermal management systems, small satellite technologies, and sensor calibration/characterization. Atigeo is a compassionate technology company turning science into big data products and services.  xPatterns, our  flagship big data platform, delivers measurably better analytics with the fastest implementation time for our customers. 

Learn more about careers at Atigeo at http://atigeo.com/careers/ Apixio is the data science company for healthcare. Apixio’s patented cognitive computing platform extracts and analyzes clinical data in electronic and PDF health records, generating deep insights into patient health. It feeds these insights into applications such as HCC Profiler which enables fast, comprehensive, and accurate HCC coding review.

Now, with its world-class team of data scientists, engineers, product experts, and healthcare gurus, Apixio has set its sights on other applications that enable insurers and health systems to deliver better care. Ginger.io is a digital mental health program for people with depression and anxiety. We use a combination of smartphone technology, data science, and clinical services to create a personalized, affordable way to deliver mental health care. With Ginger.io, people can analyze their mood over time, learn proven coping strategies developed by medical experts, and receive additional mental health support as needed. Ginger.io is a spinoff from the MIT Media Lab, and was recently named one of The World’s Top 10 Most Innovative Companies in Healthcare by Fast Company and a 2015 Technology Pioneer by the World Economic Forum. Learn more about Ginger.io at www.ginger.io Turi is the company behind GraphLab Create and Turi Predictive Services, the fastest and most complete platforms for building intelligent applications using machine learning technology. Turi is recognized as a Gartner Cool Vendor in Data Science, 2016 and its products are used by Fortune 500 companies for fraud detection, recommendation engines, lead scoring and other predictive capabilities. Signature Science's consultants serve government and commercial clients through a wide array of technical offerings. We combine scientific rigor with proven quality assurance processes to deliver solution-focused, well-executed projects and contracts. Our expertise enhances the credibility and defensibility of government programs that provide for our national and homeland security.

The knowledge and experience of our consultants span a wide array of disciplines that match the technical needs of clients and the management requirements of our business. We have credentials in chemistry, biology, microbiology, biochemistry, forensic science, statistics, data science, quality assurance, engineering, physics, and management. 
 Nortal is a multinational strategic change and technology company. Combining the unique experience of transforming Estonia into a digital leader and creating change in businesses with a strategic approach and data-driven technology, our vision is to build a seamless society. Nortal operates in nearly 20 countries and employs over 500 specialists who carry out high-impact projects across Europe, Middle East,  Africa and the United States.

For all career opportunities, visit www.nortal.com/careers/ Zementis, Inc. is a leading software company focused on the operational deployment of predictive analytics and data mining solutions. Zementis was recognized by CIO Review as one of the "Top 20 most promising Big Data companies in 2013"​ and named "Cool Vendor in Data Science"​ by Gartner in 2014. Its ADAPA® and Universal PMML Plug-in scoring engines are designed from the ground up to benefit from open standards and to significantly shorten the time-to-market for predictive analytics in any industry. 

Zementis was founded on the principle that data science teams and IT departments can collaborate seamlessly and efficiently, allowing predictive models to rapidly move from development to deployment, so that businesses and other data-centric organizations can easily incorporate predictive analytics into their routine operations. Agile deployment of predictive solutions is the cornerstone of the Zementis philosophy.

Zementis Software Solutions:

ADAPA®, a decision engine framework for real-time execution of predictive models and rules.
ADAPA is available for on-site deployment as well as in the Amazon AWS Marketplace and the Microsoft Azure Marketplace.

UPPI, the Universal PMML Plug-in for predictive analytics on big data. 
UPPI is available on Hadoop for Hive, Spark, Storm and Datameer. Is is available for in-database on IBM PureData for Analytics (Netezza), EMC Greenplum, SAP Sybase IQ, and Teradata Aster, as well as for IBM zSystems Mainframe.

Zementis in now part of Software AG AlgoAnalytics is the “one stop AI shop”. We are the best organization in India as far as applied machine learning expertise is considered. We aim to be the one of the best in the world. 

We work at the intersection of mathematics, computer science and specific domain knowledge like finance, retail, healthcare, manufacturing and others. We have developed expertise in handling structured/numerical, image and text data and integrating the intelligence gathered from heterogeneous data which is combination of structured and un-structured. 

We integrate the cutting edge tools and technologies with our strong domain expertise to design predictive analytics solutions for businesses.We are proficient in classical as well as deep learning methodologies. In AlgoAnalytics we extensively use tools like R-Caret, Scikit-learn, Tensorflow, Theano and Microsoft Cognitive toolkit (CNTK). 

Currently we have following AI-centric Ventures 
1.      AlgoAnalytics Trading 
2.      AlgoAnalytics BFSI 
3.      AlgoAnalytics IoT
4.      AlgoAnalytics Healthcare

Ventures draw from the large pool of AI expertise at AlgoAnalytics and is headed by a domain expert.  

Our growth has been exponential in terms of our core abilities – from quantitative trading strategies in financial markets to harnessing Machine Learning techniques to medical imaging problems and everything in-between. 

For a sample list of our projects you can take a look at www.algoanalytics.com or send an email to info@algoanalytics.com ITC – SPACE FOR GLOBAL DEVELOPMENT

One of mankind's greatest challenges is to achieve an appropriate balance between developing natural resources and maintaining an optimal natural environment. To meet this challenge, we need detailed and reliable geo-information and geo-information management tools.

At the Faculty of Geo-Information Science and Earth Observation (ITC) of the University of Twente, knowledge of geo-information management is readily available and is continually being developed and extended. By means of postgraduate education, research and project services, we contribute to capacity building in developing countries and emerging economies. In doing so, considerable attention is paid to the development and application of geographical information systems (GIS) for solving problems. Such problems can range from determining the risks of landslides, mapping forest fires, planning urban infrastructure, and implementing land administration systems, to designing a good wildlife management system or detecting environmental pollution.

The key words characterising our activities are geo-information management, worldwide and innovative. We concentrate on earth observation, the generation of spatial information, and the development of data integration methods. Furthermore, we provide tools that can support the processes of planning and decision making for sustainable development and the alleviation of poverty in developing countries and emerging economies. Named one of FastCompany's Most Innovative Companies in 2017 and Crain's Biotechs to Watch,​ Celmatix is changing the face of women’s health through the development of digital tools and genetic insights focused on fertility potential. Our unique approach combines data science and genomics to bring personalized medicine to fertility. 

Our leadership team includes a diverse group of world-class scientists and professionals, including our Founder and CEO Dr. Piraye Yurttas Beim, who was recently recognized by Fortune Magazine as one of 15 Entrepreneurs Disrupting their Industries, Inc Magazine’s 10 Women to Watch in Tech, an Aspen Institute Health Innovator Fellow, and an NYC Venture Fellow by the NYCEDC. Learn more about Celmatix at www.celmatix.com Cross functional end-to-end solutions to achieve outcomes that can provide market leading competitive advantage.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

► Strategy
► Growth
► Assurance
► Innovation
► Disruption
► Transformation

AREAS OF SERVICE

► Digital
► Marketing
► Data
► Customer Experience
► Customer Engagement
► New Technologies 

All industries, all regions and all levels of maturity. King’s is a small and extraordinarily lively academic community located in Halifax, Nova Scotia, known nationally and internationally for its interdisciplinary programmes in the humanities and journalism. With a student population of about 1,000, King’s students enjoy a rich academic experience in a close-knit community of scholars. King’s unique partnership with neighbouring Dalhousie University, Atlantic Canada's most intensive research institution, gives students many opportunities to combine and customize degrees.

Our Foundation Year Programme, founded in 1972, is a pioneering programme that addresses the history of Western thought through interdisciplinary lectures, small tutorial sessions, and a strong emphasis on writing that has inspired similar programmes, both nationally and across the globe.

The university, rich with history, maintains many of its old academic traditions: Formal Meal has the students and faculty dressed in academic gowns, student societies founded in the early 19th century are still thriving, a Matriculation reception is held each September in honour of entering students, and graduates are fêted with an Encaenia ceremony each May. King’s is a gathering of peers, faculty, alumni and staff whose values and thinking bring greater understanding, creativity, and compassion to the world. The King’s experience spills into every aspect of life on and off campus.

King's was ranked first in Canada in the 2008  and 2009 National Survey of Student Engagement for its first-year programming. It has a well-established national profile for many reasons, whether through the History of Science and Technology programme's success as the lead partner in the SSHRC-funded Situating Science project or through the chapel choir under the direction of five-time Grammy-winning music director Paul Halley. Science, Engineering, and Technology (SET) Corporation, a small, privately owned business founded in 2002 by scientists from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, was established to create and commercialize “smart” information technologies that help humans accomplish complex tasks. From video and radar systems that automatically detect human behaviors, to knowledge discovery systems that find meaningful patterns in vast quantities of seemingly unrelated data, our products make our society safer, better informed, and more productive. Headquartered in Arlington, VA, with offices in Dayton, OH, Denver, CO, and Greenbelt, MD, we serve a diverse base of defense, homeland security, and intelligence community clientele. Forward3D is one of the world’s largest performance marketing agencies. We run cutting edge, global digital marketing campaigns across paid search, natural search, content, display and social using industry-leading performance linguistics, data science and technology. 
 
We started life 10 years ago as an affiliate, risking our own money, managing campaigns in a meticulous way and relying on data-led decisions. Performance has always been at our core. We have remained independent and our values have endured as we've scaled.  
 
We are a global agency with 11 offices worldwide including London, New York, Shanghai, Paris, Hamburg, Seoul and Tokyo, as well as an affiliated localisation division, Locaria. We specialise in international, data-driven, online DR campaigns and market to over 100 territories, in 50+ languages, across more than 20 search and social platforms.
 
We have experience managing integral campaigns with British Airways, Hilton Hotels, John Lewis, Net-a-Porter, Hertz, Ralph Lauren, Gucci & Kering, Investec, ASOS, Debenhams, Etsy and many other forward thinking brands in the digital space.

2016 Awards::

// European Performance Marketing Awards | Agency of the Year 
// The Drum Search Awards | Performance Agency of The Year 
// The Drum Network Awards | Best Digital Marketing Agency
// UK Search Awards | Best Large PPC Agency Quintiles and IMS Health have come together to become IQVIA, The Human Data Science Company™.   Inspired by the industry we help, IQVIA commits to providing solutions that enable life sciences companies to innovate with confidence, maximize their opportunities and ultimately drive human health outcomes forward. 

We provide actionable solutions by tapping into the power of the IQVIA CORE™: 
• Domain Expertise. Institutional knowledge and domain expertise across diseases, geographies and scientific methods
• Advanced Analytics. Faster, more precise decision-making generated by advanced analytics designed for healthcare
• Unparalleled Data. One of the world’s largest curated healthcare data sources with innovative privacy protections
• Transformative Technology. Leading technologies to provide real-time access to operations-critical information

To learn more, visit www.IQVIA.com  With roots in structural engineering and applied software development CE-N was founded in 1987 named as KSI in German. Among other, mainly industrial and special projects are designed by using certain software products together with interfacing self developed middleware software tools. Project man-age¬ment services are provided in the same way.

CE-N has successfully performed research projects supported by the federal ministry of science con-cerning the development of methods and software-components to link CAD-data and to convert CAD-data for the use in structural calculation programs. All business- and planning-processes are defined as e-processes and they are performed under a certified quality management system. CE-N now starts using digital building information modelling (BIM) for the design processes in total to achieve quality objectives. In the School of Business, Government, and Economics at Seattle Pacific University, we believe the highest purpose of business is to serve. Designed to advance “another way of doing business,” SPU's program is AACSB-accredited with quality instruction, small classes, and professional mentoring that underscore our emphasis on ethics derived from a distinctly Christian worldview.

Whether you're a potential graduate or undergraduate student, SPU's School of Business, Government, and Economics opens the door to service in the marketplace.  Our Mission:  "Deeply grounded in Christian faith and values, we develop leaders who advance human flourishing through service in business, government, and civil society." 
 StackAdapt is the no. 1 performing native advertising platform helping brands accelerate customer engagement and acquisition. This state-of-the-art platform is where some of the most progressive work in machine learning meets cutting-edge user experience. Ranking the highest in customer satisfaction and performance by G2 Crowd in the DSP category for the fourth time, StackAdapt is one of the fastest growing companies in Canada and ranks 6th in Deloitte's Technology Fast 50 ranking and 23rd in Fast 500 in North America. 

Interested in finding out more about us, visit: www.stackadapt.com

Our purpose is to fearlessly invent the future. We think that we are in a unique position, given our work in machine learning and data science, to understand the complexity of human behaviour. We believe our research will help us master the art of problem-solving, invent technology that helps solve some of the world's greatest challenges and advance human existence by transcending our inherent limitations.

For career opportunities at StackAdapt, visit: www.stackadapt.com/careers Thinknear is a location-based technology company with data science at its core. We offer comprehensive mobile advertising solutions crafting bespoke audience profiles and communications experiences for brands. 

Our parent company, Telenav (NASDAQ: TNAV) is a leader in wireless location-based services powering GPS satellite navigation, and automotive navigation solutions. 

As a division of Telenav, Thinknear leverages exclusive access to over 16 years of proprietary location data. 

Thinknear has offices in Los Angeles, Silicon Valley, New York City, Chicago, Dallas, Detroit, Boston, and Atlanta. The Forensic Panel examines and brings definitive understanding to the most complex criminal and civil cases involving forensic psychiatry, neuropsychology, pathology, toxicology, medicine and emergency medicine.

Attorneys come to us with their most difficult and delicate litigation. We inhabit the fine points of each case, and identify and pursue leads that others overlook. Our specialists apply their world-class expertise and untiring investigative diligence to draw out critical evidence and bring clarity to hidden or misunderstood data. 

Applying prospective peer-review oversight to its work, The Forensic Panel advances the validity of the examination and the integrity of forensic science. Our forensic peer-review promotes objectivity, focuses diligence, and adherence to standards of evolving sciences. We are leaders in promoting transparency in the forensic sciences and upgrading practice standards.

Our forensic assessments are evidence-driven, objective, decisive, clearly detailed, and transcend debate. The overwhelming majority of our cases, as a result, do not proceed to trial.

In cases that proceed to litigation, we educate and prepare attorneys for drawing out critical evidence at deposition and at trial.  We are difference makers in work within the case and in the courtroom.  Above all, we are trusted by the most experienced and savvy trial attorneys for their toughest and most puzzling cases. Established in 2007, as an Independent testing services company with an excellent track record of over 10 years and a singular focus on quality, AFour Technologies is a true example of self-belief, consistency, and transparency. 

The company is a hub of every cutting-edge technology in software engineering ─ Hyperconvergence, SDN, Virtualization, Next Generation Data Center Technologies, Networking, Enterprise Mobility.

AFour Technologies provide 360° Software Product Engineering Services like Software Design and Development, UX Design, Independent Testing, DevOps, Cloud, IoT, Big Data, and Analytics.

Till date, AFour Technologies has been able to bring together some of the best and brightest minds in software engineering.
 BRTRC Federal Solutions, founded in 1985 and headquartered in Vienna, Virginia, provides focused professional services to Federal Government agencies. We apply our broad range of management and technical expertise to each customer's requirement to ensure they receive the right solutions for their unique mission and objectives. Our 30 years in business speaks volumes - we are experienced, innovative, responsible, and energetic.    Our people deliver cutting-edge solutions for cyber operations, risk management, technology transition, as well as science, technology and professional services. CtrlShift is a global audience solutions company. Its multi-disciplinary team provides marketers and publishers effective access to a plethora of audience segments and media-enabling platforms at scale. 

This is achieved via an open architecture media management and buying platform called The Hub that rewires the essential components of the ad tech ecosystem to help brands engage with their audiences simply, intelligently and efficiently. CtrlShift also founded and hosts AMP, Asia’s first multi-publisher, multi-geography marketplace for premium inventory.

At 150 people strong, CtrlShift boasts a large client portfolio of global, regional and local marketers and publishers. These clients depend on CtrlShift for innovative, holistic solutions to achieve their desired business outcomes anywhere across the connected globe.

In May 2015, CtrlShift was listed in Founders Grid’s top 50 thriving startups in Southeast Asia.

CtrlShift partners with Linkedin, Spotify, comScore, YOOSE, TubeMogul, Lotame and Sizmek among others. Noldus Information Technology develops, markets, and supports innovative software, instruments, integrated systems, and services for behavioral research. These allow scientists and practitioners to enhance the quality of their data, to increase productivity, and to make optimal use of human or animal resources.

Our solutions are designed to meet the needs of our customers, offering them the following key benefits:

- Enhanced quality: Our advanced technology allows more accurate measurement of behavior, and therefore a higher quality of collected data.

- Increased productivity: Automated systems replace manual work and allow people to do more in less time.

- Optimal use of human resources: By letting computers do the tedious routine work, researchers and technicians can focus on more interesting tasks.

- Optimal use of animal resources: Our technology allows behavioral measurements to take place under natural and animal-friendly circumstances, while continuous automated observation maximizes the amount of information collected per animal. These advances contribute to the refinement and reduction of laboratory animal testing. We’re excited to be driving UK innovation. Where there’s a plan, we have the people.

We are true recruitment experts in our chosen fields: 
Software Development, Digital & Creative, Embedded, Electronics & Semiconductor, Support & Infrastructure, Data Science & Quantitative Research, and Management & Business Change.

The Oho Group is here to support ambitious individuals and companies as they innovate.
Our aim is to create partnerships that create change and act as a catalyst for innovation in: IT, Finance and Semiconductor and Electronics.

We’re proud to have grown year on year since we first arrived on the scene. And we plan to continue that way. After all, innovation and growth are what drive us.

The people who work for us are the key to our success. We are proud of the individuals that we take on and their commitment to both candidate and client.  It is why we are the leading IT & electronic engineering recruiter.
 We are a specialist head-hunting firm introducing passionate technologists, data scientists and quant trading personnel to firms ranging from innovative technical start-ups and silicon valley behemoths to niche quantitative trading firms and global investment banks.


The common denominator for all of our clients is the need to attract and retain the very best talent in order to drive their businesses forward.



How we work.

We Focus on the Talent
We are specialists. We live and breathe our markets, matching top tier technologists, data scientists and trading personnel to a growing number of opportunities across multiple markets.
We build relationships early. We identify top talent early in their career journeys and build trusted relationships meaning we have access to people others struggle to reach.

We Work in Partnership
We spend time upfront understanding your needs and culture. We make sure the candidate is not only a short term fit but can also flex and grow with your business.
We help you clarify your positioning in a competitive market. Our top tier talent have a lot of choices, we work with organizations to ensure they have a clear employee value proposition in a crowded market.

We Cut the BS
We tell it how it is. If something isn’t working or feels off we’ll let you know and work together to get ahead of issues.
We focus on quality not quantity. We don’t create noise and we only represent candidates we think will get to final stages of an interview process.

Feel free to contact any of our consultants should you be interested in exploring opportunities, developing your team or just talking through current industry trends or review or website for further  details www.campbell-north.com or  020 30063620 Aktana is the pioneer in decision support for global life science sales and marketing teams. The company’s data-fueled suggestions and insights are delivered within a sales professional’s existing CRM workflow, serving as a critical ally in data leverage and better decision-making. Aktana serves the entire organization by helping to coordinate multichannel marketing initiatives and facilitate learning about which program elements are most successful for which customers. Nearly half of the world’s top 20 pharmaceutical companies rely on Aktana to drive more insightful marketing and sales programs. Aktana is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices in New York, Philadelphia, London, Tokyo, Osaka, and Shanghai. The SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics is an academic not-for-profit organization. Its mission is to lead and coordinate the field of bioinformatics in Switzerland. Its data science experts join forces to advance biological and medical research and enhance health by (i) providing the national and international life science community with a state-of-the-art bioinformatics infrastructure, including resources, expertise and services; (ii) federating world-class researchers and delivering training in bioinformatics. It includes some 65 world-class research and service groups and some 800 scientists in the fields of genomics, transcriptomics, proteomics, evolution, population genetics, systems biology, structural biology, biophysics and clinical bioinformatics. www.sib.swiss Grandata integrates first-party and telco partner data to understand key market trends, predict customer behavior, and deliver impressive business results.

Grandata is a San Francisco, CA-based company that leverages advanced research in Human Dynamics (the application of “big data” to social relationships and human behavior) to identify market trends and predict customer actions. Leading telecom and financial services firms are using Grandata’s Social Universe product to transform “big data” into impressive business results.

Subscribe for news about our coming products. Ninjacart is India's Leading agri-marketing platform connecting vegetables and fruits farmers directly with businesses. At one end, we help farmers get better prices and consistent demand and on other end we help retailers to source fresh vegetables at competitive prices directly from farmers. We do this effectively at lower cost, better speed and larger scale using integrated supply chain powered by technology, data science, infrastructure and logistics network

We move one lac kilos of vegetables from farm to 800+ retailers on daily basis within 12 hours. We are funded by Accel Partners, Nandan Nilekani, Mistletoe(Japan) & Qualcomm Ventures

To know more about us, visit https://goo.gl/n22Z5d . To talk to us, write to careers@ninjacart.in As an expert in custom software development, codecentric AG is the leader for agile software development and innovative technologies in Germany.

codecentric develops software solutions for the future, something every one of our 400 employees at each of our 15 locations in Germany and other European countries is passionate about. codecentric combines the know-how of the best IT architects and software developers in Germany with practical knowledge from numerous projects in areas such as Continuous Delivery, Big Data, performance solutions, agile and enterprise software development and maintains partnerships with leading solutions partners.

Impressum/Imprint: https://www.codecentric.de/ueber-codecentric/downloads/impressum-datenschutz ACCESO is the leading company in Media and Consumer Intelligence in Spain and Latin America. The digital context offers us a great opportunity to understand our customers and connect with them through data intelligence. Saying it and doing is not the same thing.

WE MAKE IT HAPPEN WITH THIS COMMITMENT: THERE IS A DIFFERENT WAY TO DO THINGS 

Traditional research is not enough. We apply different digital research methodologies which have proven to offer us more exhaustive and actionable information in real time in order to connect better with our consumers. 

We have our own proprietary technology based on Big data, capable of massively analyzing more than 2,000 news items and commentaries per minute in real time, in more than 4 million different sources (offline and online media, blogs, digital communities, etc.) in 180 countries and 41 languages. 
We are a specialized team: engineers, mathematicians, journalists and sociologists “make the data bigger” thanks to advanced Data Science algorithms and tools.

We hold offices in Barcelona, Bogota, Boston, Panama City, Lima, Madrid, Mexico DF and Miami. Invata's Mission:

We bring about productive change using transformative problem solving and the art and science of intralogistics. We create an intellectually challenging environment that inspires us to do what others think can’t be done

The name Invata is derived from a creative fusion of the words inventory and automation.

Intralogistics is defined as the art of optimizing, integrating, automating, and managing the logistical flow of information and material goods within the walls of a fulfillment or distribution center.

Invata Intralogistics is an authority in the design, implementation, and life cycle support of automated distribution and fulfillment centers with demonstrable expertise in the movement and storage of data as well as the movement and storage of goods. 

Invata Intralogistics specializes in integrating the flow of information with the flow of material goods through an elegant mix of material handling and information processing technologies that magnify operational productivity.

Invata Intralogistics offers complete solutions that begin with in-depth operational analysis and end with purpose-built, turnkey systems that optimize processes and resource utilization while maximizing operational efficiency.

Invata Intralogistics then supports those systems 24/7/365 for the life of the operation, ensuring they not only stay ahead of fluctuating productivity demands, but are also adaptable to our client’s evolving business needs for years to come.

The result is a seamless synthesis of process and technology that engenders leaner, more productive, more adaptable, and more profitable fulfillment and distribution enterprises. SutherlandGold is a full-service PR and digital marketing agency serving some of the world’s most innovative consumer, technology and enterprise brands. We give our clients the power to own their story, control their channels and grow their audience. 

At our core, we believe stories have the power to shape the world, and dedicate our energy and creativity to the art of storytelling and the science of inspiring action. From startups poised for success to publicly traded companies, we work with innovators that are changing the way people interact with the world. Our client roster includes SurveyMonkey, Birchbox, Bill.com, Carbon Black, CloudFlare, Apartment List, Outfront Media, Marble and other brands at the top of their fields.

Our offices are located in San Francisco and New York. PruTech Solutions Inc. (PruTech) is an established Information Technology (IT) and business support services organization with extensive experience in successfully partnering with private and public sector organizations. For over 14 years, by employing industry best practices and developing customized solutions, our clients have benefited from PruTech’s implementation of innovative technologies and ever-evolving IT services. 

          PruTech offers a full-range of customized services, including: 

          ■     Customized Application Development 
          ■     Legacy Systems Management and Support 
          ■     IT Service Management (ITSM) 
          ■     Business Solutions Consulting 
          ■     Program/Project Management 
          ■     Business Process Implementation 
          ■     Managed Service Initiatives 
          ■     IT Professional Services
 
Our enterprise-level solutions have been deployed across diverse industries, including private-sector companies in the area of Finance, Pharmaceutical, Healthcare and Retail as well as for the public-sector, government agencies at the federal, state, and local levels. We have helped mid- to large-size clients attain their goals amid an accelerating growth in new technologies through the implementation of up-to-date, end-to-end, enterprise-wide IT solutions.
 
With such a comprehensive and diverse portfolio of IT services, PruTech has a successful history of identifying technology trends and enabling our clients to stay current, navigate new technologies, and embrace innovation with confidence.

          Additional Information:

Contact us for a free consultation for all your IT solutions needs.
          ■     Call:    (732) 404 1600
          ■     Email:    info@prutech.com

 “Quickstart helps organizations transforms IT project performance and career growth through cognitive learning platform & multi-mode training in the areas of application development, data science, information security & cloud computing”. Idiro Analytics provide Big Data solutions to businesses - we turn your data into insights and then into money.

Idiro's award-winning software service is used by its customers to predict churn, acquire customers, drive revenue growth and many other marketing / CRM applications.

We provide bespoke analytical solutions to companies across a vast range of industries including, telecoms, banking, utilities, transportation and healthcare. These solutions can be delivered on-site or via an analytics-as-a-service model.  

Additionally, for companies who need to grow their analytical capabilities Idiro can provide on-site consultants to help accelerate your projects.

For all enquiries contact our Corporate Account Sales Manager, Gerry Reid, via: gerry.reid@idiro.com Spire is a talent development company working with Kenya’s leading employers to design world-class internal universities. We have worked with some of the fastest growing companies in East Africa to build internal learning and development programs that drive dramatic outcomes for our students. We have successfully built internal university programs for Sevenseas Technologies, Nairobi Java House and M-Kopa Solar (a Safricom partner) and a number of other leading companies.  We build transformative learning programs using tech, data, & learning science. Datamine is a leading consultancy in the field of data and analytics. Using techniques from applied statistical modelling to data science, Datamine works collaboratively with businesses to implement smart, data-driven commercial strategies.  With over 20 years’ experience, Datamine delivers repeatable success across a range of industry sectors including banking, telecommunications, energy, retail, insurance, travel, FMCG, governemnet, and healthcare.

Our results are proven with over 350 different solution types ranging across segmentation, profiling, churn detection and modelling, insight, operational excellence, strategic direction and performance improvement. If you want to go beyond guesswork to unlock the value in your data, we’re ready to help. EBD Group is the leading partnering firm for the global life science industry. Since 1993, biotech, pharma and medical device companies have leveraged EBD Group’s partnering conferences, technology and services to identify business opportunities and develop strategic relationships essential to their success. EBD Group’s conferences are run with the support of leading corporations and international trade associations and include: BIO-Europe® and BIO-Europe Spring®, Europe’s largest life science partnering conferences, supported by BIO; BioPharm America™, the fastest growing partnering event in North America; Biotech Showcase™ in San Francisco for presenting to investors and business development executives, co-produced with Demy-Colton Life Science Advisors; BioEquity Europe investor conference, co-organized with BioCentury and BIO; ChinaBio® Partnering Forum biotech/pharma partnering conference in China, co-produced with ChinaBio® LLC; and Biolatam®, facilitating partnering among global life sciences executives in Latin America’s vibrant life science hubs. EBD Group’s sophisticated web-based partnering service, partneringONE®, is used as the partnering engine at numerous third-party events around the world, and partnering360® is the open online community of life science dealmakers that enhances partnering experiences throughout the year. EBD Group is an Informa company. Informa is the largest publicly-owned organizer of exhibitions, conferences and training in the world. EBD Group has offices in the USA and Europe. www.ebdgroup.com. Ubiq studia e implementa innovative soluzioni digitali di marketing e data mining per i grandi brand dell'Industria italiana. Nata dall’esperienza e dalla ricerca di Ubiq Lab, spin off dell’Università di Parma, l’azienda unisce risorse altamente specializzate nel campo del marketing, dell’ingegneria informatica e della sicurezza dei sistemi informativi. 

Un team eterogeneo focalizzato nel campo dei Big Data per offrire alle marche leader dell'Industria italiana sistemi di analisi e raccolta dati fortemente strategici in grado di ampliare e innovare gli assets aziendali in ambito marketing, customer care, business development e business intelligence. 
___

Ubiq designs and implements innovative solutions for digital marketing and data mining. Born from the experience and research of Ubiq Lab, spin off of the University of Parma, the company combines highly specialized resources in marketing, engineering, computer science and information systems security.

A diversified team focused on Big Data skilled to offer the customer system analysis and data collection in highly competitive markets, able to expand and innovate the corporate assets in marketing, customer care, business development and business intelligence. Lumerical develops photonic simulation software - tools which enable product designers to understand light, and predict how it behaves within complex structures, circuits, and systems. Photonics, the science of light and its interaction with matter, unlocks many possibilities for the world’s leading technology companies across diverse fields including biotechnology, data communications, information storage, solar energy, environmental sensing, and consumer electronics.

Lumerical’s design tools allow scientists to create, test, and optimize their product designs without crafting physical prototypes. These predictive capabilities enable the scientific and engineering community to validate designs prior to manufacturing, create new product concepts, and explore long-term innovative photonics research such as quantum computing. Examples include: biomedical researchers exploring how light scatters from cancerous cells as the basis for new diagnostics; innovators modeling optical materials that store vast amounts of information more efficiently; and engineers designing high-speed communication systems that transmit information optically within datacenters and even between and within computer chips. Not only are these designers able to create better performing components, they can do so in far less time, at lower costs, and with greater accuracy. Scrapinghub provides the leading technology and consulting services to deliver successful web crawling and data processing solutions.

Our technology includes:
 • Open source libraries, such as Scrapy, developed mostly by our team
 • A PaaS for running and managing web crawls
 • A service that can automatically extract data based on examples
 • A huge internal software library, including spiders for many websites, custom extractors, data post-processing, proxy management, etc.

We have a strong reputation and deep domain expertise. Whatever data you need, and however you need it, we're the best team to deliver it! AUSTRALIA'S BEST AND BRIGHTEST DATA TALENT SPECIALISTS. 

We Specialise in Finding and Fostering The New Breed of Data & Analytics Specialists.

Alloc8 Recruitment was created to develop the data industries best and brightest Data and Analytics Talent and connect them with businesses that understand the opportunities that lie within this rapidly growing market. We revere the expertise of our Candidates and connect them with Employers who share their passion for data and a desire to innovate by leveraging it.

We Connect Great Minds to Build Amazing Things.

We have been privileged to help build the Data and Analytics community in Australia. By providing top-tier Data Talent for Data Warehouse, Business Intelligence, Big Data, Data Science, Data Engineering, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence and Robotics projects, for companies such as Macquarie Bank, NBN, Medibank, we have played an important role in developing some of the nations most widely used Data and Analytics infrastructure.

Our Specialities.

Big Data and Data Science 
Big Data, Data Science, Data Engineering, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Robotics

BI and Data Warehousing
BI, Traditional and new Data Warehousing, Cloud, BI Reporting, ETL, Data Visualisation, Governance, Data Quality.

Analytics
Data Driven Marketing. Decision Science, Predictive Modelling, Statisticians, Programmatic’s.

Data Consulting, Project & Privacy
Data Consulting, Project Based Data Talent and Privacy

Exec and Leadership
All Exec and leadership roles in Data and Analytics Domain. The UNIGIS International Association is the world’s premier distance education initiative offering masters and diploma/certificate programmes in Geographical Information Science and Systems (GISc). As a global network of higher education institutions UNIGIS is dedicated to enhance the competence of GIS professionals! Founded in 1993, Fulcrum Analytics has stood at the forefront of data and analytics for over twenty years. We offer sophisticated solutions, groundbreaking technologies, and winning strategies that help companies achieve their targeted results. We’re interested in taking on your toughest data questions — ones that create big impact, uncover the hidden picture beneath mountains of data, and move your business forward every day.

Come visit us on the web to learn more. itEANz is a SAP Partner Consulting and Services provider based in India Head quarters at Bangalore.We offer end to end solutions in the space of SAP, Applications Development, Products and our expertise lies in providing professional services for SAP ,Oracle ,Open Source Technologies and Enterprise application Development using .NET and JAVA/J2EE Technologies.

 In the Application Development arena, we offer customized and business ready solutions for a wide Spectrum of industries which can be seamlessly integrated with SAP or any other ERP.  

 We have around 4 Years of experience in providing professional services and solutions to global Businesses of all sizes, ranging from Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) to the Fortune 500. iNostix is a European Predictive HR Analytics Consulting Company founded by Luk Smeyers & Dr. Jeroen Delmotte in 2008. Top 50 Global HR Analytics Influencer. The best HR analytics content you can find! iNostix was acquired by Deloitte on March 18, 2016. See press release on our blog: http://www.inostix.com/blog/en/inostix-got-acquired-by-deloitte/

We measure, observe and analyse. We listen, interpret and recommend. iNostix’ added value resides in the unique combination of scientifically and empirically validated research and predictive analytics methodologies with multiple years senior HR experience while maintaining cutting-edge data science and information delivery systems.

Key clients, to name a few: Ahold/Albert Heijn, ABN-AMRO, ING, Zurich Insurances, AXA, AG Insurance, Eandis, De Lijn, Deloitte, KPN, BNP Parisbas Fortis, Ageas, Bekaert, Rabobank, Besix, University of Leuven, UWV, Randstad and many others (see our website for a client overview). 

Check out our website: www.inostix.com
Follow our HR Intelligence blog: http://www.hrintelligenceblog.com
Follow us via Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/inostix
Follw us via Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/inostix
Free webinar for your organisation? Check it out: www.inostix.com/ Larix is a full-service contract research organisation (CRO) offering assistance in all aspects of clinical trials, including monitoring, trial management, data management, statistics, medical writing, pharmacovigilance and DMC. Our customers are pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device companies.

Larix provide you with flexible solutions tailored to your needs as we do not have a rigid company policy e.g. you can outsource a specific task or the full service from development plans to final reporting and you can in-source a consultant part time or full time. We have our own standard operating procedures (SOPs), or we can work according to Sponsors SOPs.

Larix has provided services to a range of companies from the smallest biotech to the major pharmaceutical companies. Our highly motivated and professional staff has experience in clinical development within both medicinal products and medical devices. Daily cooperation between all Larix in-house departments ensures pro-activity and quality on time as our focus is our customers’ goals and their specific needs. 

Our mission is to deliver high quality within agreed budget and timelines.
. We are a leading marketing and technology incubator. We have prototyped and tested dozens of ideas and formed and operated several companies in various markets. Our properties in the travel industry are recognized by the largest brands in travel. Our technology platform, expert data science, and comprehensive search and marketing strategies set us apart. Based in Utah with offices and operations in Central and South America and Asia, Partner Fusion brands and websites reach more than three million visitors each month. Our portfolio of companies includes TravelPASS Group, Ticket Counter, PageLaunch, and Brixio.

Our team consists of skilled marketers, developers, designers, affiliate marketers, travel experts, social media pros, product managers and foosball players. Every business needs 'Cognitive Automation' to become future ready. We at Algonox, help businesses re-imagine their processes/operations through the powerful interplay of mainstream automation with cognitive capabilities of 
 Artificial Intelligence and Machine learning.

AlgonoX is founded by accomplished technologists with the idea of empowering organisations with emerging technological advancements.  Established in early 2017, we are young and growing at a rapid pace in Banking & Financial services, Retail and Pharma domains and also industry agnostic sectors like finance & accounting, Human resources etc. Our core vision is to provide seamless Cognitive Automation solutions & capabilities to enterprises across industries & domains and be a part of their digital transformation.  

For more information, please visit our website @ www.algonox.com

or write to us: info@algonox.com The mission of Arizona State University's College of Health Solutions (CHS) is to prepare students to think critically and succeed in any situation by offering a quality education, real-world experiences, expert faculty and other connections that equip students to lead change in the dynamic health field. 

ASU CHS offers high quality education with real-world experiences and connections in a variety of health and health care related fields. We work across the university and with strategic partners to improve health outcomes, lower costs and increase access. The college aims to have a lasting, positive impact on health nationally and globally, starting with efforts locally. The college offers undergraduate and graduate programs related to health promotion, health delivery and overall health management of people and populations. 

The college arms students to influence healthier lifestyle choices; develop creative interventions to improve the health of people and populations; analyze and translate large amounts of health data into solutions; and maximize the technology, science, business and application of diagnostics. Its programmatic focus is on the science of health care delivery, nutrition and health promotion, biomedical diagnostics, biomedical informatics, speech and hearing science, behavioral health, medical studies, public health, and executive education. D3 Systems, Inc. is a full-service market and social science research company that has served the “design, data, and decisions” research needs of an international clientele since 1985.

D3 has particular expertise in providing global research solutions for news organizations, international development and assistance programming, public policy formulation, and audience and media measurement. We have conducted regional and country-specific research in more than 120 countries, including fragile states and conflict environments. We manage simultaneous data collection in multiple countries. Clients also look to us for survey data management, and detailed, strategic recommendations.

Recognizing that conflict and fragility negatively impact millions of lives and pose distinct challenges for both developed and developing countries, D3 has cultivated deep and successful relationships to sustain field operations in difficult environments where no reliable alternative exists. Notable examples include Afghanistan, Bosnia-Herzegovina, and Iraq where D3 has used knowledge and resource transfer to build thriving research companies. Direct Media is a leading media system in South East Europe, a network of professionals in eight countries: Serbia, Montenegro, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Slovenia, Macedonia, Albania and Bulgaria. 

We provide our international and local partners with integrated communication, advertising and media services as we believe in Science + Art communication approach, whilst striving to promote media environment by placing top quality media content. 

In the world of communications which changes constantly, we find optimal solutions and raise the standards of excellence for the benefit of the industry and the society as a whole.
We contribute to the growth of our partners’ businesses.

Our team is composed of multidisciplinary communication professionals. Two hundred of our experts in the regional network create a significant advantage in the market. It provides us with an opportunity to recognize our partners’ needs and offer equal quality of service in all markets. 

All our people follow the principle of excellence. Young leaders’ desire to work with us is proportionate to the percent of employee retention in Direct Media system. Transacting vehicles in multiple countries and growing, RMS Automotive, a Cox Automotive Brand, delivers a global enterprise software solution that enables its’ commercial clients to manage their portfolio(s) across the complete vehicle lifecycle from new car build to used car sale. Through automation and data science, RMS Automotive provides VIN-specific recommendations for accurate vehicle pricing, as well as optimal reconditioning and inventory distribution. These services deliver real-time integration with a client’s platform, faster remarketing time, reduced depreciation, cost of capital, improved residuals and reduction in wholesale losses. For more information about RMS Automotive, visit www.rmsautomotive.com or http://rmsautomotive.eu

About Cox Automotive
Cox Automotive Inc. is transforming the way the world buys, sells and owns cars with industry-leading digital marketing, financial, retail and wholesale solutions for consumers, dealers, manufacturers and the overall automotive ecosystem worldwide. Committed to open choice and dedicated to strong partnerships, the Cox Automotive family includes Autotrader®, Dealer.com®, Dealertrack®, Kelley Blue Book®, Manheim®, NextGear Capital®, vAuto®, Xtime® and a host of other brands. The global company has 32,000-plus team members in more than 200 locations and is partner to more than 40,000 auto dealers, as well as most major automobile manufacturers, while engaging U.S. consumer car buyers with the most recognized media brands in the industry. Cox Automotive is a subsidiary of Cox Enterprises Inc., an Atlanta-based company with revenues exceeding $20 billion and approximately 60,000 employees. Cox Enterprises’ other major operating subsidiaries include Cox Communications and Cox Media Group. For more information about Cox Automotive, visit www.coxautoinc.com.
 Aistemos aims to revolutionise the way intellectual property is understood and exploited, so that any organisation can make better decisions, create new opportunities and improve how they manage risk. Aistemos uniquely combines world leading IP domain expertise, data science and big data technologies to bring IP insight into mainstream decision making.

Cipher is the leading intellectual property analytics tool designed to help your business make better decisions. By analysing the world's patent, litigation & licensing data, we provide accessible intelligence that saves you time, saves you money, & minimises risk. Introhive is a relationship data science platform for CRM that helps drive user adoption and consumption of CRM data. The software reduces the number of clicks that end users need to make in order to have the system work for them while helping to maintain clean and accurate data within the system. The Introhive platform puts a focus on email and mobility in order to enable end users to use CRM where they work the most while supporting their fast paced environments.


	* Data Entry – Introhive simplifies how users use CRM through automation, by reducing the number of clicks they have to make in order to log new contacts, activities and call reports.
	* Data Extraction - Introhive will proactively send pre-meeting digests to help people prepare for their meetings. These digests can be customized for the organization and typically include meeting attendee profiles, current news/financials, holdings information, as well as CRM and relationship data.
	* Relationship Mapping - Introhive puts the context of relationships behind contacts in CRM, helping the organization to understand “who knows who” between their employees and the outside world. This helps relationship managers put data science behind key contacts in order to drive revenue, build coverage models, and increase client retention.

About Introhive:
Introhive is a venture-funded company with investors that include Build Ventures, GAP CIT, Fortify, Growthworks, NBIF and Salesforce.com. The company was founded in 2012. Established in 2004, agileDSS is a strategic data services consulting firm headquartered in Montreal, QC, CA, specializing in Business and Data intelligence.

Our Mission : agileDSS helps organizations to become data-driven.

Our Vision : We believe that data and people are the only strategic assets of organizations.
Technology is one ingredient of success. Different approaches must be combined in order to grasp its full potential. More than anything, we want to provide a human experience to our customers as well as to our own people.

Our values : Respect, openness, commitment, and team spirit.

General information : info@agiledss.com 
HR : rh@agiledss.com
Sales : sales@agiledss.com At JB Ashtin, we are different. Our agents are a uniquely blended team of scientific writers, client service professionals, and marketers who provide the very best healthcare communication solutions. We strive to know your data, to understand your business, and to seek innovative ways to communicate your unique story to engage and educate healthcare providers. We know that our reason for being is to support amazing clients with their communications challenges. We value strong, transparent relationships with our clients and each other. We have enjoyed 18 years of helping biopharma, med device, and consumer health clients by creating compelling, compliant, and engaging healthcare communication solutions. From thought leader engagement to publication planning, content development to digital collaboration environments, clients can count on us to help communicate their science with credibility, integrity, relevance, and impact. To learn more about how JB Ashtin helps our clients, please visit www.jbashtin.com. Media Prima Digital spearheads innovation, digital marketing and technology within the Media Prima Group via an integrated and agile approach. We understand the art and science of creating an enduring bond between consumers and brands from a digital perspective, hence we strive to offer a holistic and end-to-end digital solution encompassing performance marketing, mobile app development, data analytics, social media listening and much more from a 360° perspective. Our group’s rich intellectual properties and diversified media platforms also allow brands access to the mass audience in a unique and comprehensive manner digitally. Macchi di Cellere Gangemi is a European law firm which was established in 1986 and serves clients worldwide on matters of European, Italian, French, English and international law through its affiliated offices in London, Milan, Paris, Rome, Verona, Bologna and Modena.

The firm has over 100 highly qualified lawyers providing legal advice and assistance to multinationals, major companies and public institutions. All lawyers at Macchi di Cellere Gangemi have a solid academic background and the necessary professional skills to face and solve the clients’ complex legal issues with a realistic interdisciplinary approach.

Macchi di Cellere Gangemi provides legal advice and assistance in a comprehensive array of areas of law, such as Antitrust & Competition, Arbitration, Banking & Finance, Corporate & Commercial, Intellectual Property, Labour & Employment, Litigation, Mergers & Acquisitions, as well as Restructuring & Reorganisation and Tax.

The firm has extensive experience in several business activities, with its global services expanding to different industry sectors, including Capital Markets, Communications & Media, Energy, Environment, Fashion & Leisure, Information Technology, Insurance, Life Science, Privacy & Data Protection, Private Equity, Project Finance and Real Estate.

Our lawyers are proud of the success achieved by the firm over the years, and are convinced that the firm is destined to play a key role in the European and international markets for legal services. GraphScience is a social data and advertising company setting the standard for Facebook advertising. We deliver the highest impact branding and revenue for top retailers and brands, and have made Facebook an indispensable component of our Advertisers’ digital marketing strategy. Our powerful technology platform manages and analyzes big data and generates advertising performance at scale. Led by a team of social media advertising and technology innovators, GraphScience is headquartered in San Francisco and backed by leading investors. 

GraphScience is proud to be a Facebook Preferred Marketing Developer (PMD). Creatively driven, data inspired – Wunderman-Bienalto is a digital advertising agency and marketing consultancy with a difference.

Based in Sydney and Melbourne, we are leaders in the science of creating more meaningful, more engaging and ultimately more profitable relationships between brands, marketers and customers. 

We use the power of data and technology to create compelling brand stories, drive results and ensure our clients’ ongoing success. Our services include:

Relationship Marketing – designing and operating customer engagement programs for our clients to deliver highly relevant and personalised communications to customers across channels. 

Strategy, Social & Programmatic – creating digital, social, communication and media strategies to help our clients reach target customers and connect more deeply with their brand and products.

Creative & Content – ideating purposeful creative to help our clients attract new customers, grow brands and build deep engagement and loyalty with the power of content. 

Optimisation, UX & Innovation – converting more customers for our clients through scientific methods. Informed by insights and analytics, we are experienced in taking digital products to market quickly.

Web & Mobile App Development  – designing and building high impact online apps, sites and transactions integrated with CRM, marketing and core business systems.

Marketing Technologies & Platforms – in the 21st century, marketing is powered by technology. We have strong global partnerships and expertise with leading technology providers such as Acquia, Adobe, Marketo and Salesforce.com.

If you’d like to know more about how we can help you, give us a call on +61 2 8356 3000 or email Vicki.Potter@wunderman.com. 

Otherwise you can always pop in and see us; we’re on level 6 in the Y&R building on Clarence Street.

Wunderman-Bienalto is a member agency of WPP Australia, the largest marketing communications services company in the world. At Divensi, we believe that businesses are profoundly impacted by data. Decision-making processes across the enterprise ecosystem are heavily driven by data, as are everyday shifts in technology. It is our mission to help enterprises unlock their data and ensure they extract maximum value from their growing data assets by delivering a full spectrum of cost-effective, results-driven data engineering and analytics services.
We’ve helped countless blue chip and mid-size companies drive innovation, increase productivity, and improve business performance. Our team is carefully assembled with problem solvers who possess deep technical knowledge, cutting-edge ideas, and are passionate about providing outstanding service. Whatever IT challenges our clients face, we are equipped to tackle them efficiently with a skilled team and proven solutions that deliver long-lasting results.
We provide a full range of data-focused services and options for our customers, ensuring that they stay ahead of their competition. Some of our services include:
•	Data Science
•	Business Intelligence and Data Warehousing
•	Big Data Analytics
•	Test Engineering
•	UX & UI Design
•	Enterprise Mobility
•	Cloud & IoT
•	Collaboration & Knowledge Management

We have a strong global presence with a delivery center in India, and we supply a mix of U.S., India, and China outsourcing to ensure the best solutions for your needs.

Over the years, Divensi has become a recognized name and trusted partner in the IT services industry, and we’ve grown into a successful parent company with several subsidiaries focusing on emerging and disruptive technologies within the data domain.

To learn more about our full range of end-to-end data solutions, get in touch with Divensi today! At Random Forest Capital, we approach investment management from the perspective of data science, in which machine learning within fully non-parametric statistical models are applied to the problem of expected gains in financial investments. Rather than having humans look at each individual event within the marketplace, machine learning employs statistical algorithms over thousands of variables and millions of observations that are capable of detecting persistent effects across all aspects of data. We use not only a wide array of machine learning methods that simultaneously apply successfully to real-life applications from medical diagnoses to sports analysis, but additionally apply proprietary methods developed in house to optimize returns. iSirona provides a simplified approach to medical device integration by connecting virtually any medical device to any CIS. The iSirona solution gives clinicians faster access to more accurate information, empowering them to make more-informed decisions.

As of January 1, 2014, iSirona became a part of NantHealth. NantHealth is a healthcare IT company that combines science, technology and data to provide actionable information that enables better diagnostics, improved patient care and advanced wellness for all. 

This partnership expands iSirona’s ability to bring exciting, forward-thinking solutions to iSirona clients—and to the healthcare marketplace at large. LeanTaaS helps hospitals run more efficiently through a combination of predictive analytics, lean principles, and robust, scalable software delivered through the cloud on mobile and web. We were founded in 2009 and have successfully raised over $40 million in funding  which has been used to create a robust predictive analytics platform called “iQueue”. Since its inception, iQueue now helps 40+ healthcare providers nationwide (including 15 of the top 30 cancer centers) improve operational efficiency through predictive and prescriptive analytics.  Our senior team is comprised of former executives from McKinsey, Google, as well as executives with deep domain expertise from healthcare institutions like UCHealth.
 Created early July 2010, John von Neumann Institute (JVN) of Vietnam National University Ho Chi Minh City (VNU-HCM) is a Center of Excellence in Applied Mathematics, Systems Science, Knowledge Science, and Information Science. The objectives of JVN are to foster high quality of research and post-graduate education, in the related fields, through out the different universities of VNU-HCM. 

Mission

To establish world-class standard in Viet Nam for scientific and technological research in systems science, knowledge science, applied mathematics, and information science; 

To support high quality graduate studies, and to establish scientific portfolios for competitive industrial innovations. SURFsara supports researchers in the Netherlands and works closely together with the academic community and industry.

We offer an integrated ICT research infrastructure and provide services in the areas of computing, data storage, visualization, networking, cloud and e-Science. Thought Technology is the world's leading biofeedback and psychophysiological instrument manufacturer. Our instrumentation not only monitors and records a wide variety of physiological and mechanical signals, but also analyzes and feeds back information in real time, through a variety of auditory and visual means. 

Our equipment is used as an essential part of many therapeutic treatments and clinical assessment protocols to treat stress related disorders as well as provide treatment for incontinence and muscle rehabilitation, including sEMG-triggered stimulation. 

On the non-medical side, Thought Technology's Science Division provides equipment and software to be used in ergonomics, sports and educational applications – wherever accurate and sensitive psychophysiological monitoring and biofeedback are needed. Typical signals include surface electromyography (sEMG), electroencephalography (EEG), electrocardiology (EKG), skin conductance, temperature, blood volume pulse, respiration, inclination, pressure and bend. Scorpion Computer Services, Inc. is the winner of LA Business Journals'​ Patrick Soon-Shiong Innovation award. Its artificial-intelligence engine, ScenGen, is the winner of the Connect award. 

Founded in 1988, Scorpion Computer Services has worked with high-net-worth individuals, Fortune 1000 companies and governments to solve infrastructure, information technology, computer security opportunities and mitigate risk by developing software solutions and deploying artificial intelligence. Scorpion's contractor network includes a consortium of consultants with backgrounds in engineering, mathematics, data analytics, marketing, computer science, artificial intelligence and content development.

Led by founder and CEO Walter O'Brien, Scorpion Computer Services, Inc. is a world-class consultancy with nearly thirty years of experience in the following practice areas:

Efficiency & Cost Savings

Project Turnaround

Due Diligence - Vendor evaluation current and future

Due Diligence - Private Equity Investment (VC & Angel)

Governance & Compliance

Risk Mitigation

Maturity in Quality, Process, Tools and Methodology

Software Architecture, Development and Test Automation

Globalization (Software Translation)

Offshore Strategy

Education, Training, Career Coaching, Public Speaking

Business Modeling (Business-in-a-Box)

Offshore Strategy

Security Analyst

Health Optimization

Technology Advisory Board Formation and Function

App Development Genome Life Sciences (GLS)  is a DSIR-recognized Genomics & Biomarker discovery company and a prominent provider of start-to-finish Next-Generation Sequencing and data analysis services, custom database development, contract research and bioinformatics consulting. The company provides life science databases of unique content developed with data mining algorithms along with their interactive and dynamic user interfaces.

GLS helps customers worldwide meet the bioinformatics challenges with its powerful tools and technologies. Our clients include academia, federal and private industries from USA and Europe.

GLS envisions being a global leader in development of innovative bioinformatics solutions for biomarker discovery and contributing with its scientific and entrepreneurial expertise in healthcare, veterinary, agriculture, food and related industries. 

GLS offers the following services:

NGS & Data Analysis
Clinical Genomics
Bioinformatics Consulting
Biomarker Discovery
Bioinformatics Contract Research Edgecore Networks Corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of Accton Technology Corporation, the leading network ODM.  Edgecore Networks delivers wired and wireless networking products and solutions through channel partners and system integrators worldwide for the Data Center, Service Provider, Enterprise and SMB customers.  Edgecore Networks is the leader in open networking providing a full line of open Wi-Fi access points, PON OLT, packet optical transponders, and OCP-ACCEPTEDTM switches that offer choice of NOS and SDN software for data center, telecommunications and enterprise networks.   CANARIE strengthens Canadian leadership in science and technology by delivering digital infrastructure to support world-class research that directly benefits all Canadians.

Twelve provincial and territorial network partners, together with CANARIE, collectively form Canada’s National Research and Education Network (NREN). Canadians at universities, colleges, research institutes, hospitals, and government laboratories rely on this ultra high-speed network to collaborate in data-intensive, cutting-edge research and innovation within Canada and with colleagues in over 100 countries.

Beyond the network, CANARIE funds and promotes reusable research software tools to accelerate scientific discovery. CANARIE also supports Research Data Canada as it leads national research data management initiatives, and through the Canadian Access Federation, provides identity management services that enable secure, ubiquitous connectivity and content access to the academic community. To boost commercialization in Canada’s technology sector, CANARIE offers cloud resources to startups through its DAIR service, and links a powerful community of public and private sector partners in the Centre of Excellence in Next Generation Networks (CENGN).

Established in 1993, CANARIE is a non-profit corporation, with the majority of its funding provided by the Government of Canada. TapInfluence is the industry’s leading SaaS platform that empowers consumers to make better purchasing decisions. Through Influencer Marketing Automation, we help brands put authenticity back into their messaging and communications by connecting them with trusted voices in their industry. 

Through the application of science and data, our proprietary marketplace provides an efficient way for brands and influencers to scale the creation, management and measurement of online influencer marketing programs and deliver consumers the type of meaningful and relevant content they desire. 

Founded in 2009 and located in Mountain View, CA TapInfluence is venture-funded and privately held. BCG Digital Ventures is a corporate investment and incubation firm. We invent, build and invest in startups with the world’s most influential companies. We share risk and invest alongside our corporate and startup partners via a range of collaborative options. 
 
Founded in 2014, we have major Innovation and Investment Centers in Manhattan Beach, Berlin, London, Sydney, San Francisco and New York, as well as DV Hatches in Silicon Valley, Seattle and Mexico City, with more locations opening in the coming quarters. 

Our Centers and Hatches are home to a diverse range of entrepreneurs, operators and investors who are building businesses, creating and expanding markets and developing new technologies that benefit millions of people across the globe. For further information, please visit www.bcgdv.com Imprint: https://www.scheer-group.com/en/imprint/

As a consulting and software house, Scheer GmbH supports companies with the development of new business models, the optimisation and implementation of more efficient business processes as well as the reliable operation of their IT systems. The development of products and services is focussed in particular on the sector specific accompaniment of companies in their digital transformations. 

For its customers, Scheer GmbH has entered into new partnerships, such as with SAP in the areas of Hybris and SAP S/4HANA. On their journey towards digital business models Scheer GmbH offers companies dependable support with the innovative software architecture Scheer BPaaS (Business Process as a Service) and the current further development of ARIS solutions. Customers profit from the in-depth expertise gained from our many consultancy projects which include, if requested, IT implementations with SAP and the management of applications in our own data centre.  

August-Wilhelm Scheer, Professor for Business Informatics, inventor of the ARIS concept and entrepreneur is the sole shareholder and Chairman of the Advisory Board of Scheer GmbH and supports it through his many years of experience in the IT sector. He is committed to the close cooperation between science and research that ensures the innovative strength of this strongly growing business. 

On the international stage Scheer GmbH is represented by Scheer Austria, Scheer Netherlands, Scheer Turkey and Scheer E2E Switzerland. Imec is the world-leading research and innovation hub in nanoelectronics and digital technologies. The combination of our widely acclaimed leadership in microchip technology and profound software and ICT expertise is what makes us unique. By leveraging our world-class infrastructure and local and global ecosystem of partners across a multitude of industries, we create groundbreaking innovation in application domains such as healthcare, smart cities and mobility, logistics and manufacturing, and energy. 
As a trusted partner for companies, start-ups and universities we bring together close to 3,500 brilliant minds from over 70 nationalities. Imec is headquartered in Leuven, Belgium and also has distributed R&D groups at a number of Flemish universities, in the Netherlands, Taiwan, USA, China, and offices in India and Japan. In 2015, imec's revenue (P&L) totaled 415 million euro and of iMinds which is integrated in imec as of September 21, 2016 52 million euro. Further information on imec can be found at www.imec-int.com.

Stay up to date about what’s happening at imec with the monthly imec magazine, available for tablets and smartphones (as an app for iOS and Android), or via the website http://magazine.imec.be The Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility, located in Newport
News, Virginia, is operated by Jefferson Science Associates, LLC for the
Department of Energy’s Office of Science. The primary mission of the lab
is to explore the fundamental nature of confined states of quarks and
gluons, including the nucleons that comprise the mass of the visible
universe. Jefferson Lab is also a world-leader in the development of the
superconducting radio-frequency (SRF) technology utilized for the lab's
Continuous Electron Beam Accelerator Facility (CEBAF). This technology
is the basis for an increasing array of applications at Jefferson Lab,
other DOE labs, and in the international scientific community. 

Jefferson Lab has more than 700 full-time employees and an international
scientific user community of more than 1,300 researchers whose work has
resulted in scientific data from 175 experiments to date. Research at
Jefferson Lab also contributes to thesis research material for about
one-third of all U.S. Ph.D.s awarded annually in Nuclear Physics. The
Lab's outstanding science education programs for K-12 students,
undergraduates and teachers build critical knowledge and skills in the
physical sciences that are needed to solve many of the nation's future
challenges.

Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility (Jefferson Lab) is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of race, color, religion, ethnicity, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, age, disability or veteran status or on any other basis prohibited by federal, state, or local law. Indigo is a company dedicated to harnessing nature to help farmers sustainably feed the planet. With a vision of creating a world where farming is an economically desirable and accessible profession, Indigo works alongside its growers to apply natural approaches, conserve resources for future generations, and grow healthy food for all. Utilizing beneficial plant microbes to improve crop health and productivity, Indigo’s portfolio is focused on cotton, wheat, corn, soybeans, and rice. The company, founded by Flagship Pioneering, is headquartered in Boston, MA, with additional offices in Memphis, TN, Research Triangle Park, NC, Sydney, Australia, Buenos Aires, Argentina, and São Paulo, Brazil. Xcede is one of Europe’s leading digital recruitment businesses with offices in London, Hamburg and Stockholm.

We provide our clients with key hires that enhance customer experience & business performance across the four core markets of a digital platform: Creative, Technology, Marketing and Data.

Xcede recruit across this full digital lifecycle from designing and creating, through developing, engineering and integrating platforms, to acquiring and retaining customers and recommending business decisions through analysis, prediction and insight.
 
Our internal structure reflects our client’s business units:
 
Creative | UX & Research, Product Management, Information Architecture, Digital Production, Project Management, Design, Art Direction, Account Management
 
Technology | Front-end/Back-end Development, Mobile Development, Enterprise Technologies, Dev Ops, Infrastructure, Full Stack Development, QA Testing 
 
Marketing | Pay Per Click (PPC), Search Engine Optimisation (SEO), Ad-Technology, Programmatic, Digital Marketing, Planning & Buying, Paid Social, Digital Strategy

Data | Business Intelligence, Data Science, Customer Insight, CRM & Marketing Analytics, Big Data Engineering, Data Warehousing, Digital Analytics & Optimisation, Data Management & Reporting  

 Appriss provides proprietary data and analytics solutions to effectively and efficiently address safety, fraud, risk and compliance issues for government and commercial enterprises worldwide. We are a team of technology and data science experts that are driven to solve complex business and societal problems. Our customers are leading commercial enterprises, information service providers and government agencies with focus in retail, healthcare and public safety. For more information visit Appriss.com.
 Big Data Careers is a recruiting firm offering temporary and permanent professionals with experience in data science, text/data mining, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, machine learning,deep learning, scalable software solutions. We work with clients in the USA, Canada, Europe and Asia.

Whether you are a client or a candidate, you have a choice to work with any number of companies that will meet your resource needs or place you into a contract, contract-to-hire, direct hire position or place you as a consultant.

At Big Data Careers, we recognize this and work diligently to earn your business every day. How do we do that? HONESTY, INTEGRITY, KNOWLEDGE and HARD WORK.

For our clients, we listen to make sure we understand your situation in order to quickly deliver our best candidates for your unique environment.

For our candidates, it’s about making sure we understand your career goals, job requirements and other attributes that go beyond the resume to provide you with satisfying project assignments and direct-hire positions.

In short, we want to create win-win situations between clients and candidates.

We can be contacted at 503-606-4606 or jobs@bigdata-careers.com. Thinkful was founded by Dan Friedman and Darrell Silver in 2012 in New York City. On a mission to reinvent education, Thinkful trains people to advance their careers.

A 21st century education should equip you with the skills to succeed in the 21st century world. At Thinkful, we’re building a school that trains the workforce in the technology skills necessary to sustain innovation and growth in the economy. We have developed a method of online teaching that emphasizes practical, sustainable skills and prepares students to achieve their career goals. At ZestFinance, we’re changing the way finance works by changing the way credit decisions are made. Applying Google-like math to improve credit decisions, we use machine learning and data science to help companies make more accurate credit decisions. The company was founded in 2009 by Douglas Merrill, who was formerly CIO at Google. Currently, ZestFinance is one of the fastest growing U.S. financial technology startups.  

Our mission is to make fair and transparent credit available to everyone, and we thrive on solving hard problems that have a big impact on people's daily lives. We built the Zest Automated Machine Learning (ZAML™) platform to improve consumer lending and meet the financial needs of people around the world. The ZAML platform consumes vast amounts of data to more accurately identify good borrowers, enabling higher repayment rates for lenders and lower-cost credit for consumers. 

ZestFinance is determined to hire crazy smart people who are different from each other to create broad thinking, lots of different ideas, and by extension, build the best team possible. In January 2017, we were awarded 13th place in Best Workplaces for Technology by Fortune, and #37 in Great Place to Work’s Best Workplaces for Women. And in November 2016, ZestFinance was named to Forbes Fintech 50 list.

We’re growing fast, and we’re looking for exceptional, caring, “Zesty” people to join our team. Our culture is special to us, and we’re proud of it. We thrive on diversity in our workplace, and we offer awesome benefits. If you want to solve hard problems and make people’s lives better, talk to us! Specialized in education and research in Information and Communication Technology (ICT), Telecom ParisTech offers a complete range of educational programs: Diplôme d’Ingénieur (Master of Engineering), Masters Programs, PhD, Advanced Masters (Executive) and custom programs.
Ranked as the leading School in ICT in France, Telecom ParisTech prepares graduates to Innovate and foster entrepreneurship in a digital world!  It offers a complete choice of international class electives in ICT (Computer Science, Networks, Communications, Electronic, Signal and Image Processing, Social and Human Sciences, together with the study of economic and social aspects associated with modern technology (Economics, Management, Entrepreneurship, 11 languages), as well as continuous links with Industry.
Founded in 1878, continuously pionneer (the word “telecommunications”, the first ICT incubator in France, the first "Big Data"​ advanced master and "Data Scientist"​ executive program in Europe,.. ), Telecom ParisTech has a permanent faculty of 205 professors and researchers, 1,450 students (including 330 PhD students) and over 2,500 executives in training every year. Its 14,000 alumni are currently employed in increasingly diverse industries and professions, in France and abroad.
Closely linked to the French Industry Ministry, Telecom ParisTech is part of the Institut Mines-Telecom and a founding member of ParisTech (Paris Institute of Technology). It is presently involved in the creation of the world class « Université Paris-Saclay », where it will become the College for Digital Innovation. Allegheny Science & Technology Corporation is one of America’s fastest-growing private, government services providers according to the Inc 500 and Washington Technology 2015 Fast 50; and an award winning, 8(a) SBA certified, small economically disadvantaged, women-owned management and technology solutions company offering a broad range of services to customers including systems engineering; portfolio and program management; applied science and technology; data analytics and engineering; and knowledge and performance management. AST has corporate operations in Tysons, VA and Bridgeport, WV; and offices in Washington, DC, Germantown, MD, Northern Virginia, Idaho Falls, ID, and Albuquerque, NM.

To learn more visit: www.alleghenyst.com or email: info@alleghenyst.com We are TA - an independent ad agency that believes art and science can stand alone, but that together they create something much more powerful.

We help our clients craft genuine emotional connections with their customers, using data to find the best times, places, and ways to do it.


Twitter: @ThomasARTS
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/TA.Utah
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/thomasartsagency/ MMS is a quality focused, global CRO that supports leading pharmaceutical and biotech companies as well as many smaller enterprises across our spectrum of services. Having completed more than 50 submissions for drug approval over the last 5 years, we remain a top choice for sponsors who are looking for innovation and demand high quality from their CRO partners.

Senior leadership at MMS has more than two decades of hands-on drug development experience which helps support program-level strategy and execution of projects across multiple therapeutic areas. Continual staff training, innovative recruitment and motivating career opportunities help MMS retain the best talent and develop a strong, client-focused workforce across all global locations.

Our mission is to deliver high-quality services, rooted in good science and decades of regulatory experience, that will assist our clients in developing and marketing life-changing therapies, thereby positively affecting patients'​ lives worldwide. Tala is a mission-driven mobile technology and data science company that’s opening up financial access for underserved people globally. Tala’s smartphone app uses alternative data to deliver instant credit and help customers build their financial identities. Unlike traditional credit scoring, our proprietary underwriting models draw on thousands of mobile data points including network diversity, social connectedness, geographic patterns, and financial transactions to score customers in real time, without a need for formal credit history. We're  headquartered in Santa Monica with additional offices in Nairobi and Manila.

Tala, formerly known as InVenture, is backed by IVP, Ribbit Capital, Lowercase Capital, Data Collective, Collaborative Fund and other leading venture and impact investors. In 2016, Fast Company ranked Tala as one of its top 10 companies in Money, and Forbes named Tala as one of the top 50 FinTech companies in the world. Additionally, Tala’s work has been highlighted by Forbes, the New York Times, the Financial Times, the Wall Street Journal, TED, and Wired, among others.

Our Android application for our lending product is #1 Finance App in the Kenya Google Play Store https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.inventureaccess.safarirahisi CROWDSOURCING | TALENT ACQUISITION | DIVERSITY

Visage enables recruiters to work on things they love and fill more jobs. Through our data science and crowdsourcing, we identify qualified candidates for your job openings. No more sourcing, no more back-and-forth emails, let Visage build your candidate pipeline. 

Our users, corporate and agency recruiters, fill twice as many jobs as they used to. That's because they focus on 10 qualified candidates per job instead of 100+. 

Our AI <> Human intelligence ensures the highest quality in candidates. Our users interview 50% of the candidates we submit. 

With up to 35 recruiting sourcers searching for the talent, we leave no stone unturned and build 5x more pipeline than a traditional recruiter. The intelligence and automation of our platform allow employers to interview diverse candidates within 3 days of job submission. 

Tesla, Adecco, GoDaddy, Workday, and a dozen of others trust Visage to help their recruiters make more placements or hires.  PCCI is an advanced, nonprofit healthcare analytics R&D organization with a collaborative team of expert data scientists and knowledgeable healthcare professionals that go beyond analyzing a patient’s medical data to provide all-encompassing insights that are revolutionizing healthcare.

Our mission is to reimagine and expand the knowledge base of healthcare through prescriptive analytics and artificial intelligence to deliver precision medicine.

Our vision is to create a world of connected communities where every health outcome is positive.

 TMC | People Drive Technology

If it’s people who drive technology, it makes sense that we provide you with the best driver’s seat available. You’re the driver. So fasten your seatbelt and be prepared to have your tech-mind driven to its limit.

Entrepreneurial technologists with a crush on high tech and business push innovation and creative thinking. This idea is the basis of our dedication to create the perfect environment for technologists. A setting where you’re driven to discover, to evolve and to be challenged. A place where knowledge and know-how are shared to create combined brain power.

At TMC you meet likeminded enthusiasts by working on exciting projects within specialized business cells. You find creative answers to existing issues by joining TechTanks and satisfy your high-tech hunger at pizza-sessions. You work on awesome machines and co-create solutions in our Entrepreneurial Lab for clients such as Philips, ASML and TNO. At the same time, we sharpen your technical and entrepreneurial drive by providing you with the perks of our unique philosophy; Employeneurship.  

Join TMC and drive your career to Employeneurship. Since our founding over 25 years ago, Landover has played an important role in the New York area technology revolution, placing thousands of technical people in hundreds of the best companies. Our prestigious portfolio of clients includes the most promising tech startups and Fortune 100 companies.

Landover specializes in contingency recruiting of the most sought after financial technology and web development people. We offer our clients the option of either hiring on a permanent basis or providing the flexibility of our consulting services. 

We place software engineers, web developers, software architects, as well as quantitative analysts, business system analysts, and project managers.  We recruit for all levels of experience, from the best university computer science graduates to candidates who have attained the highest levels of technology accomplishment and management.  

Technology always changes, but you can expect Landover’s high level of service to remain the same.  Let us help you land your next dream tech job or superstar programmer. NanoString Technologies (NASDAQ: NSTG) is a publicly held provider of life science tools for translational research and molecular diagnostics. The company's technology enables a wide variety of basic research, translational medicine and in vitro diagnostics applications.

NanoString Technologies provides life science tools for translational research and molecular diagnostic products. The company's nCounter® Analysis System, which has been employed in basic and translational research since it was first introduced in 2008 and cited in more than 300 peer-reviewed publications, has also now been applied to diagnostic use as the nCounter Dx Analysis System. The company's technology offers a cost-effective way to easily profile the expression of hundreds of genes, miRNAs, or copy number variations, simultaneously with high sensitivity and precision. The company's technology enables a wide variety of basic research and translational medicine applications, including biomarker discovery and validation. The nCounter-based Prosigna™ Breast Cancer Prognostic Gene Signature Assay is the first in vitro diagnostic assay to be marketed through the company's diagnostics business. The nCounter Dx Analysis System is FDA 510(k) cleared for use with the Prosigna Breast Cancer Prognostic Gene Signature Assay. To date, it has not been cleared by the FDA for other indications or for use with other assays. 

Leading researchers are finding that NanoString's nCounter system provides the ideal platform on which to validate their discoveries and translate them into clinically useful diagnostic assays. The nCounter system is uniquely positioned to support translational research because it provides more reproducible results than methods requiring amplification, and generates high-quality data from the difficult sample types common in clinical research, including Formalin-Fixed Paraffin-Embedded (FFPE) tissues. Capitol Technology University is the only independent college in Maryland dedicated to engineering, computer science, information technology and business. Founded in 1927, Capitol is an accredited institution offering associate, bachelor's and master's degrees, as well as professional development training and certificates, and partnerships with government and industry. Capitol is designated as a National Center of Academic Excellence in Information Assurance Education by the National Security Agency and Department of Homeland Security. The college is located in Laurel, Maryland, a suburban setting midway between Washington, DC and Baltimore. Capitol is committed to providing a quality education that is technology-driven, accessible, affordable and practical especially during these challenging economic times. Elastica is the leader in Data Science Powered™ Cloud Application Security. Its CloudSOC™ platform empowers the companies to confidently leverage Cloud and SaaS applications while staying safe, secure and compliant. 

The following Elastica Apps on the extensible CloudSOC™ platform enable full life cycle of visibility & security for the Cloud and SaaS applications being used in your company:

- Audit: Uncovers Shadow IT and highlights vulnerabilities in cloud apps being used by employees
- Detect: Uses machine learning to detect intrusions and threats based on account activity in cloud apps
- Protect: Provides defense against intrusions and compliance violations in cloud apps being used
- Investigate: Enables forensic investigations on historic account activity on cloud apps being used 

Elastica, acquired by Blue Coat in 2015, is headquartered in San Jose, CA. Learn more about Elastica at https://www.elastica.net. Follow us on Twitter @ElasticaInc. NORC at the University of Chicago is an objective and non-partisan research institution that delivers reliable data and rigorous analysis to guide critical programmatic, business, and policy decisions.

For more than 75 years, NORC at the University of Chicago has delivered reliable data and rigorous analysis to guide critical decisions on some of the most important issues society has faced.

Today, government, corporate, and nonprofit clients around the world partner with NORC to transform increasingly complex information into useful knowledge.

NORC conducts research in five main areas: Economics, Markets, and the Workforce; Education, Training, and Learning; Global Development; Health and Well-Being; and Society, Media, and Public Affairs.

We provide comprehensive and integrated services that span the research cycle, and offer solutions that anticipate and address critical needs in research and data science. We approach all work with deep technical expertise, a spirit of collaboration, and a commitment to scientific integrity. Remedy Partners delivers software and services that enable payers, employers and at-risk providers to organize and finance healthcare delivery around a patient's episode of care. For healthcare providers, Remedy Partners’ software, analytics and administrative services support bundled payment contracts with Medicare and Commercial Insurers, often through shared-risk partnerships. For payers, Remedy Partners empowers the development of bundled payment contracting programs and guides development of bundled payment networks. Remedy Partners presently delivers its services to partners at more than 1,000 healthcare locations nationwide. Anyone who has redeemed a coupon, filled a prescription or returned a product, has touched Inmar. We apply technology and data science to improve outcomes for consumers and those who serve them. As a trusted intermediary for over 35 years, we have unmatched access to billions of consumer and business transactions in real time. Our analytics, platforms and services enable engagement with shoppers and patients, and optimize results. Twist Bioscience is a synthetic biology company based in San Francisco, California. The company has developed a proprietary silicon-based manufacturing process for the production of synthetic DNA. 

Twist Bioscience serves Life Science researchers who are changing the world for the better. Coming from diverse fields of medicine, agriculture, industrial chemicals and data storage, scientists use our synthetic genes, oligo pools, and NGS target enrichment to better lives and improve the sustainability of the planet. 

Twist Bioscience is uniquely positioned to help accelerate these efforts by providing precision at scale that is otherwise unavailable. Our technology overcomes inefficiencies and enables cost-effective, rapid, precise, high-throughput DNA synthesis and sequencing. We offer both the quality and quantity researchers need now to rapidly realize opportunities ahead. 

Twitter          @TwistBioscience
Facebook     https://www.facebook.com/TwistBioscience
Careers         www.twistbioscience.com/company/careers

#WeMakeDNA Founded in 2003 in response to the need for a business education that focuses on the industries that define our future and the transformation of business itself, the Rady School of Management is the leader of a new generation of business schools.

Challenging the traditional business school model and situated at the confluence of business, science and technology, the Rady School MBA is an immersion in discovery and impact. The development of leaders who pursue the extraordinary, incubate new ideas, reinvent existing businesses and establish new companies is at the core of our curriculum and culture. 

As part of the University of California system, Rady students have access to one of the greatest centers of education and research in the world. Located in one of the world’s fastest growing hubs of innovation, technology and new industries, the Rady School integrates the MBA curriculum with direct access to, and the opportunity to work with, world-renowned visionaries, business leaders and venture capitalists.

Social media guidelines: http://bit.ly/smGuidelines WHAT WE DO: I deliver dynamic IT workforce solutions that generate best in class talent for your business. What’s the secret? Since 1984, we’ve been customizing scalable and flexible teams with proven ROI results using our people-centric approach.

WHO WE WORK WITH: Since 1984, Consultis has successfully made over 71,000 technical placements to over 2,500 small, medium and large clients. 

WHY IT WORKS: I’ve spent more than 30 years developing strong relationships with clients and IT talent, so we can make the connections that create success for everyone. 

WHAT MAKES CONSULTIS DIFFERENT: A proprietary Candidate Suitability Profiles that provide in-depth candidate information to help you make the right hiring decision.

WHAT OTHERS SAY: “Uncanny ability to match not just skills and talent, but character for candidates to what is an excellent fit for my teams.” “I really like the unique approach of relationship building that your company uses. I find it more human and not transactional like typical recruiters.”

HOW IT WORKS: We customize our services geared towards your specific goals/projects and ask the right questions to help determine the exact type of technical talent you needed to complete your team or project. 

SERVICES: Technical Solutions Services-Executive Search–SOW–Consolidate Your Talent Resource Needs-Specific projects with critical deliverables for application or Infrastructure Services-Staff Augmentation
 
SKILLS:  IT – Operating Systems –Open Source –Enterprise Computing/Networking/Storage –Agile –IoT –New Technology –IT Professionals – Cloud Computing – Information Technology – Virtualization - Information Technology Architecture – Information Technology in Business – SaaS –Linux –Unix – Web Technology – Security – AI/Machine Learning – Operations – BC/DR – DevOps – Date Modeling/BI – Data Science – Data Analytics – Mobile Development – Project Management 

We Place Excellence with Exceptional Technical Talent! inVentiv Health Communications is a purpose-built collective of agencies focused on supporting health and biopharmaceutical innovators.  We work in scalable, collaborative teams that partner across disciplines and geographies to deliver integrated communications strategies that accelerate brand performance. In today's fast-changing and complex environment, success lies in making connections: between science, emotion, and technology; between data, design and human insight. We’re able to make those connections because our advertising, public relations, medical communications, digital, data science, research and market access specialists work closely with each other and with healthcare experts, including physicians, pharmacists and advocates. Together, we are the connected healthcare partner tapping rich insights to drive innovation, change behavior and pioneer a new era of accountable marketing. 

inVentiv Health Communications is part of INC Research/inVentiv Health, a 22,000-employee global professional services organization designed to help the bio-pharmaceutical industry shorten the distance from lab to life. Advanced Analytics at Enterprise Scale

Alpine Data is the provider of Alpine Chorus - the world’s most comprehensive Advanced Analytics Platform for Big Data and Hadoop. Leaders in all industries, from Financial Services to Healthcare, use our software and services to enable their employees to build, deploy and consume analytic applications and insights in one collaborative environment.

Alpine Chorus'​ visual programming interface and lightweight deployment process delivers solutions that harness the power of parallel computing platforms and conducts advanced analytics at enterprise scale. Alpine Chorus is highly accessible and easy to use, enabling data experts and business analysts alike to work across organizational barriers and collaboratively utilize Advanced Analytics to make critical business decisions. 

Find out more at: www.alpinenow.com Benefits Data Trust is a not-for-profit organization committed to transforming how individuals in need access public benefits. To meet this mission, Benefits Data Trust: (1) partners with diverse stakeholders to implement cost-effective and scalable outreach and enrollment strategies; (2) takes the time to inform and support individuals through a simplified application process; and (3) delivers data- and technology-driven solutions to create a more coordinated benefits access system. Specializing in traveler path-to-purchase data for over a decade, Sojern is travel's performance marketing engine for thousands of brands -- from global enterprises to boutique operators -- across the hotel, airline, cruise, transportation, tourism industries and more. Analyzing the world's travel intent signals with its proprietary data science methods, the company has delivered more than $10B in direct bookings for its clients to date by activating multi-channel branding and performance solutions on the Sojern Traveler Platform. 

Recognized on the Top Company Cultures list by Entrepreneur Magazine, Sojern is headquartered in San Francisco, California with teams based in Berlin, Dubai, Dublin, Hong Kong, Istanbul, London, Mexico City, New York, Omaha, Paris, Singapore and Sydney.  SocialCode is comprised of 300+ smart, innovative, passionate, accountable and humble professionals solving big challenges to power smarter, more profitable brands. We are pioneers in technology and engineering, product management, data science, marketing, media and analytics. We are driven by our vision and values, and invest deeply in developing our people to create the greatest long-term value and impact on our clients. We are located geographically in key technology and business hubs, including New York, Washington DC, San Francisco, Chicago, LA, and Austin. Videology (videologygroup.com) is a leading software provider for converged TV and video advertising. By simplifying big data, we empower marketers and media companies to make smarter advertising decisions to fully harness the value of their audience across screens. Our math and science-based technology enables our customers to manage, measure and optimize digital video and TV advertising to achieve the best results in the converging media landscape.

Videology, Inc., is a privately-held, venture-backed company, whose investors include Catalyst Investors, Comcast Ventures, NEA, Pinnacle Ventures, and Valhalla Partners. Videology is headquartered in New York, NY, with key offices in Baltimore, Austin, Toronto, London, Paris, Madrid, Singapore, Sydney, Tokyo and sales teams across North America. Liquid Robotics designs and manufactures Wave Gliders®, the first wave and solar powered autonomous ocean robots. With our partners we address many of the planet’s greatest challenges, by transforming how to assess, monitor, and protect the ocean. We solve critical problems for defense, commercial, and science customers. Learn more at www.liquid-robotics.com. Liquid Robotics is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Boeing.

Check out our blog at https://www.liquid-robotics.com/blog/ Ask.com is now part of the Ask Media Group (under IAC Publishing within the IAC/InterActive family). Please visit http://www.askmediagroup.com/ for more information about Ask.com and our collection of websites under the new Ask Media Group brand. 

About Ask.com
Founded as Ask Jeeves in 1996 and re-named Ask.com in 2005, Ask.com had spent the last 20 years committed to its mission of increasing personal knowledge by empowering people with answers. Routed in the East Bay of the San Francisco Bay Area, Ask calls Oakland it's home!
 LifeLock is a modern identity theft protection company. And with the flood of mobile technology and apps, consumer behaviors and expectations are changing—right along with what “identity” actually means. So we enable protection with convenience and put you in control of being uniquely you.

Since 2005, we have been a leading provider of proactive identity theft protection services for consumers. We leverage unique data, science and patented technology and provide identity threat detection and comprehensive remediation services. With more than 4.4 million members, we’re committed to providing our consumers some peace of mind amid the threat of identity theft.

LifeLock was named in 2016 Online Trust Honor Roll and recognized for excellence in consumer protection, data security, and responsible privacy practices. #Blockchain,# ArtificialIntelligence, #DeepLearning & #DataScience Will Be At The Forefront Of The Next Technological Revolution – Bigdataguys' Gives You A Chance To Get In On The Action

#Bigdataguys consults fortune 500 companies on using blockchain technologies, artificial intelligence, & data science to enhance their operations. We’re a full-service machine learning, artificial intelligence & deep learning firm.

#Bigdataguys also runs intensive boot camps that focus on educating people on #machinelearning, artificial intelligence, & #blockchain technologies. 

Our boot camps are presented as 4-8 week courses. Bigdataguy’s boot camps are for Ph.D. holders, science graduates, statisticians & other professional graduate degree holders. 

After completing our boot camps, professionals are better equipped to work with topics ranging from machine learning, artificial intelligence, & autonomous car technologies.

One of our goals is for Bigdataguys to lead a driving force behind education in the field of machine learning & other blockchain related technologies. 

#Bigdataguys intensive boot camps give professionals the tools they need to successfully work on consulting projects for fortunate 100 companies such as Google, Nvidia, Microsoft, & Oracle.

#Bigdataguys consulting services demonstrates its excellent expertise in every facet of our business, in data science realm for several industry verticals, enterprise resource planning consulting and implementation, and custom software development services -- globally.  


 The focus of the DSF meetup is to provide free monthly community data events, leading towards the London Data Science Festival. 

What is the London Data Science Festival?

The London Data Science Festival is a free, week long, annual, celebration of all things data science.  The festival consists of lectures, workshops, code sprints and social events, spread across London.

Who is this meetup and the Data Science Festival for? 

• Data engineers, analysts, scientists, and other practitioners

• R, Python and other software engineers who work with data or want to learn

• Data visualisation developers and designers 

• Non-technical team leads, executives, and other decision makers from data centric startups and large companies looking to utilise open source tools

How can I get involved?

We are actively looking for community minded individuals to help build and grow our group, please feel free to get in touch if you would like to:

• Host an event 

• Sponsor refreshments at an event 

• Present a session 

• Volunteer to help organise the festival We recruit the following professionals in the UK, DACH Region, UAE and USA:

•	Chief Data Scientists
•	Chief Data Officers
•	Data Analytics Managers
•	Data Scientists
•	Data Architects
•	Data Analysts
•	Data Engineers Data Science Center Tilburg brings together Tilburg University’s scientific big data expertise in economics, management, law, social sciences, behavioral sciences and the humanities to develop, educate and applies data science in various applications and domains. The Insight Data Science Fellows Program is an intensive seven week post-doctoral training fellowship bridging the gap to new careers in Data Science, Data Engineering, Health Data, and AI in Silicon Valley, New York City, Boston, Seattle and across the US with our Remote program. Insight is a Palo Alto based education startup, funded by Y Combinator and SV Angel, with 1000 alumni at hundreds of companies including Facebook, Netflix, LinkedIn, Twitter, The New York Times, Apple, Airbnb, Microsoft, Capital One, NBC, Memorial Sloan Kettering, and many others. Towards Data Science provides a platform for thousands of people to exchange ideas and to expand our understanding of data science. Our audience is mixed, consisting of readers entirely new to the subject and expert professionals who want to share their inventions and discoveries.

Become a patron and be acknowledged for marking our work possible: https://www.patreon.com/towardsdatascience The goal of the Open Data Science Conference (ODSC) is to cultivate and grow the global data science community.

ODSC is unique in that it attracts an audience of both decision-makers, such as CTOs and lead data scientists, as well as the “ninjas” or decision-influencers, i.e., the people who actually use and build analytic tools. In the fast paced world of data science, sometimes you need a little more than the latest E-book to stay on top. NYC Data Academy offers excellent training at affordable pricing while giving you the tools you need to stay on the leading edge. Big data and data science is an exciting and growing part of the tech industry. Just a few years ago massive data sets represented a huge problem – the valuable information they held was inaccessible. Today, thanks to the worldwide community of data scientists, new tools have been developed that let us use that information in ways we never thought possible. Whether you are trying to learn the enterprise applications for a Hadoop cluster or just want to learn the basics, NYC Data Science Academy has something to offer you.

We don’t just teach our courses here at NYC Data Academy– we live them. Our courses are made and taught by industry leaders and experts. We challenge traditional data analysis thinking, inspire and train next generation of data scientists and data visualization professionals.Our idea is simple: learn from the best, become the best.

We use hands-on projects and real-world applications to aspire and spread our passion for data science. With an expert team of data scientists with many years of combined experience, the NYC Data Science Academy team is as enthusiastic as it is skilled. Artificial Intelligence for Everyone

ASI is the EMEA-based leader in data innovation. We specialise in data exploration, data science, advanced analytics, predictive analytics and data engineering.

To unlock the power of data in gaining competitive advantage, we help organisations to make sense of the data, big and small. We believe firmly in providing innovative, simple and easy to implement solutions that generate business value.  

We offer a comprehensive package of services including consulting, training and sourcing outstanding data specialists from our very own data science fellows and community. Our services are tailor-made for each of our client and we practice discretion and confidentiality in every aspect of our work. California Data Science is a professional services firm specializing in applying Machine Learning to solve enterprise business imperatives.  Our team of Data Scientists, Management Consultants and Statisticians are on a mission to help organizations excel in a new era defined by big data analytics,  machine learning, and predictive intelligence. Silicon Valley Data Science was a consulting firm specializing in business transformation through data science and engineering.

We are a company of experienced software engineers, architects, data scientists, strategists, and designers who specialize in data driven product development and experimentation. We work in holistic teams trained in strategic and agile approaches: whether you’re using your data to understand your customers or build new go-to-market offerings, we help you align each project with your business objectives so that together we can create meaningful capabilities and capture value early and often. The Center of Applied Data Science is ASEAN’s first Data Science Institute. We are endorsed by Multimedia Development Corporation (MDeC) and the Government of Malaysia, and exclusively partnered with the prestigious American data science fellowship, The Data Incubator. IBM is empowering data professionals to transform raw data into business outcomes through the power of data science. By bringing together the best of open source and IBM technology in a cloud-based, collaborative environment, we are helping organizations to realize the value of data science faster and to speed their transformation into cognitive businesses. 

To begin learning, creating and collaborating with other data scientists, visit http://datascience.ibm.com. Deep Data Science (Sabr Albayanat) is Saudi Arabia's leading data science solutions and training company. 

-We focus on the biggest and highest-value opportunities
-We embed insights into actions to deliver value across your organization
-We use information agenda strategies to align your information and business objectives

Solutions: BANKING AND SECURITIES ANALYTICS, GOVERNMENT ANALYTICS, COMMUNICATION ANALYTICS, INSURANCE ANALYTICS, REAL ESTATE ANALYTICS, and RETAIL AND WHOLESALE TRADE ANALYTICS.

Trainings:  BIG DATA TRAINING, FUNDAMENTALS OF DATA MINING, INTRODUCTION TO R PROGRAMMING, DATA EXPLORATION & VISUALIZATION, INTRODUCTION TO PREDICTIVE ANALYTICS AND CLASSIFICATION, EVALUATION OF PREDICTIVE MODELS, TEXT ANALYTICS, FINDAMENTALS OF BIG DATA ENGINEERING, and EVENT INGESTION & STREAMING PROCESSES.

 Learn data science by building with Algoritma! We are a data science education center that train individuals and/or clients to obtain the necessary data science skills that are needed in today's market. We offer a variety of short-duration data science workshops and bootcamps that will help kickstart the participant's career in one of the most sought-after profession today. Check our website for workshop schedules! The NYU Center for Data Science is a focal point for New York University’s university-wide initiative in data science and statistics. The Center was established to help advance NYU’s goal of creating the country’s leading data science training and research facilities, and arming researchers and professionals with tools to harness the power of big data. The Center’s faculty members and scientists are established experts in the field of data science. Their interests are primarily in mathematical statistics, computational statistics and machine learning, optimization and large-scale computation, system design for large-scale data science, and several application areas, such as artificial intelligence, computational biology, computational economics, or quantitative methods in social science. Because of the interdisciplinary nature of data science, the Center collaborates with many departments within NYU, including anthropology, biology, business, computer science, economics, education, information systems, law, linguistics, mathematics, physics, politics, psychology, public health and sociology. As it grows, the Center will attract new scientists and graduate students whose primary research and teaching activities revolve around data science. At Cappra Data Science, we help businesses make better decisions. We provide expert data science services, based on our researches and best practices of market leaders, that help clients optimize their ability to leverage data and turn it into actionable insight. Our team of scientists, analysts and consultants work with business leaders on education, needs assessment, strategy roadmaps, and recommendations in data analysis and business intelligence. Mosaic has a decade of data science consulting experience. As one of the premier analytics consulting firms, we are steeped in delivering real world solutions, focusing our efforts on solving business challenges and delivering results, not just doing a fancy scientific study. Many of our customers tell us they have spent millions on collecting and storing data, but have not gotten the return-on-investment they thought they would due to a lack of expertise running analytics and data science projects.

Many of Mosaic’s projects have demonstrated millions of dollars in annual cost reductions. One of Mosaic’s projects even identified an improvement projected to save the domestic commercial air-travel industry several billion dollars per year. Our dedication to achieving customer objectives and deep mathematical knowledge sets us apart. We have consulted for NASA, the FAA, FedEx, UPS, ExxonMobil, Johnson & Johnson, Neiman Marcus, J. Crew, REI and many others.

Mosaic specializes in helping organizations gain insight from their data, and use those insights to change the way a decision is made. We do this through a blend of statistical analysis, data visualization, machine learning, optimization, and data engineering techniques. Mosaic employs data science consultants who enjoy doing the hard mathematical work behind the scenes and using these insights to change the way decisions are made.

Our relationship with a customer often starts with identifying and analyzing a data science opportunity, working with customer stakeholders to develop a business case for pursuing it, and presenting the business case to key decision makers. This can be a Proof of Concept, Rent a Data Scientist, or Analytics Assessment engagement. Our consultants will bring cutting edge methods from statistics, operations research, machine learning, decision science, cognitive science, software engineering, business intelligence, human factors, and organizational behavior. Jheronimus Academy of Data Science is a unique academy situated in the Netherlands. In three different locations Data Science can be studied, researched and applied through bachelor and graduate programs, PDeng education, Data Science Centers and incorporation into existing ecosystems. 

With this unique cooperation between the Province of North Brabant, the Municipal of ‘s-Hertogenbosch, Tilburg University and Eindhoven University of Technology we create a new knowledge infrastructure with which Brabant puts itself at the heart of the future.
Learn more at www.JADS.nl ACT Operations Research (ACTOR) is a math-engineering company specialized in providing corporate decision-making software and process control solutions. Offices are located in Charlotte, NC, London, UK and Rome, Italy.
ACTOR’s expertise is providing solutions based on: math-optimization, artificial intelligence (AI), dynamic simulators and predictive models. Such software technologies, combined with corporate big data, support complex business decisions and systems control. The ACTOR decision-science software platform enables “what-if” analysis as well as the real-time optimization.
Our over 20 years of operations research in predictive analytics, supply chain and logistics projects in transportation and maritime applications are applied to offer optimized itinerary planning and revenue management technology to help clients cut costs and improve profits based on advanced analytics.
www.act-OperationsResearch.com Founded in 2013, ITOrizon is a Global IT Services company that combines rich industry expertise with technical innovation to help e-Commerce, Multi-channel Retail, Department Stores, Mass Merchants, Wholesale Distribution, 3PL, Consumer Goods, Apparel & Footwear, Sports Merchandise, Grocery, Life Science/Medical Devices, Pharmaceuticals, Banking and Insurance clients to get the most value out of their Supply Chain, IT and Digital Business Operations.

Headquartered in Atlanta (USA), with teams in Atlanta, New Jersey and Seattle along with offshore offices in Chennai (India) and Bangalore (India), ITOrizon helps customers navigate the complex world of bi-modal Supply Chain, IT and Digital Business to make effective decisions with speed and confidence.

ITOrizon assists customers in Supply Chain Operations, Enterprise Package Vendor Selection and Implementation, Digital Business Services, Emerging Technologies, System Integration, Custom Software Development, QA Automation Services, and IT & Business Process Outsourcing. Imagine a CRM application without the usual data input screens -  that you instead talk to or scan images into.. We live in the era of technological disruptions and whilst the rate of change can be unsettling, this is also a time of tremendous opportunities for businesses. 

We help our customers grow and compete through the choice of right technology platforms and the latest innovations. Our customers see us as a trusted partner, the trust comes from our technological skills and ability to deliver and partnership comes from the fact that we are passionate about delivering value to our customers. 

Our areas of specialization include :

- Data Strategy - Data Science – Machine Learning and AI - Visualizations - Data Warehouse - Data Lakes - ETL
- Customer Engagement - Sales - Service - Marketing - Commerce
- Integration cutting across platforms - e.g.  SAP ECC / S4HANA / SAP CRM / Hybris/ Salesforce / non SAP Products
- SAP ERP Supply Chain add-on's - Extended Warehouse Management (EWM), Integrated Business Planning (IBP), and Financial Supply Chain Management ( FSCM)
- PaaS based developments and extensions
- Product development for charities using PaaS, AI & ML
- Grants Management

Services: Business Consulting, Implementation Services, Support Services, Training
Products: SAP, Salesforce, Zoho, Tableau, QlikView, Alteryx, Informatica, DellBoomi, Mulesoft

Phone: 01522 243121 (Office) | 01522 243122 (Support) | 01522 243123 (Sales)
Email: info@gauri.com | Web: www.gauri.com Stellapps is an end-to-end dairy technology solutions company – the first of its kind in India. We are an IIT-Madras incubated company founded by a group of IITians and technologists with a strong industry background and rich experience including IIT-Madras, IIT-Kharagpur and IIM-Ahmedabad alumni, with over 18 years of Industry experience across Wipro, Nortel, Ericsson, Alcatel-Lucent, AT&T, Vodafone, Telstra, Bharti-Airtel, Aircel, Avaya, Cisco et al. We produce and procure comprehensive farm optimization and monitoring support, which helps dairy farmers and cooperatives maximize profits while minimizing effort. Stellapps is funded by Omnivore Capital – a fund anchored by Godrej Agrovet Limited and investment patrons include a large group of IIT alumni.

Our innovative applications and state-of-the-art mechanization tools leverage Internet of Things (IoT), Big Data, Cloud, Mobility, and Data Analytics to improve Agri- Dairy supply chain parameters, including milk production, milk procurement, cold chain, animal insurance and farmer payments. Our SmartMoo™ IoT router and in-premise IoT Controller acquire data via sensors that are embedded in Milking Systems, Animal Wearables, Milk Chilling Equipment & Milk Procurement Peripherals, and transmit the same to the Stellapps SmartMoo™ Big Data Cloud Service Delivery Platform (SDP) where the SmartMoo™ suite of applications analyse and crunch the received data before disseminating the Analytics & Data Science outcome to various stakeholders over low-end and smart mobile devices. Adverity is connecting data from marketing tools and sources across all channels and enables a more efficient reporting, better decision making and an improved marketing performance.

Our clients - both brands and agencies - leverage the platform to manage their data supply chain, generate a clean data stack and create a 360° overview of all their marketing activities as well as a performance outlook of their media channels.

Adverity is headquartered in Vienna, Austria, with additional offices in Frankfurt, London and Paris. We are proud to be an experienced and diverse team that is breaking new ground for marketing departments around the world. For further information, please visit www.adverity.com or send us a message here on LinkedIn. We are a Silicon Valley based organization with a primary focus on Business Process Consulting and Enterprise Analytics and Data Science.

Enterprise Data Science and Analytics

With our domain and analytics knowledge and tools, and using the vast amounts of latent enterprise CRM and ERP data available in an organization, we help decision makers make data-driven, informed decisions.

Business/IT Consulting

We have provided more than 1 million onshore consulting hours to solve a wide variety of technology and business problems to high-tech and bio-tech companies mostly in the San Francisco bay area.


How are we different

Our team of experienced problem solvers makes us different.

Our teams comprise of senior seasoned professionals who have grown with us and have chosen problem-solving over lofty designations. Being a ‘local’ firm has helped us attract talent and provide better work-life balance. Our principals are always on-the-ground and continue to work closely day-to-day with clients.

Our organization is flat and simple, with a strong administrative team supporting the consultants. All our new business is through referrals or repeat business – which is a testimonial to our great work.


Domain Experience

Our strong network of independent consultants helps us bring the best talent to bear on any client problem.

Our domain knowledge helps us understand your problems quickly and our team need minimal supervision reducing your cost of engagement. Ask our customers!
 The USC Marshall Center for Global Supply Chain Management exists to connect the world through Network, Education, and Applied Research (NEAR).

Capitalizing upon its global network, industry experience, and expert faculty, USC Marshall is one of the top thought leaders in the field of global supply chain management. As a producer of top business talent, the Center also helps organizations streamline operational and supply chain efficiency to increase competitiveness in the interconnected global economy. Our state of the art Operational Excellence Lab collaborates with regional supply chain gateways and transportation hubs on groundbreaking research. We aim to keep our member community informed with vital news, trends, and cutting edge knowledge impacting industry and society.

At 200,000 alumni and growing worldwide and lifelong, there's no network like the USC Trojan family.

Learn more about the USC Marshall Center for Global Supply Chain Management: www.uscsupplychain.com 
Facebook: www.facebook.com/USCSupplyChain
Twitter: https://twitter.com/USC_GSCM

Join us at the Annual Global Supply Chain Excellence Summit: www.globalsummit.uscsupplychain.com AbacusBio are international leaders in the application of science and technology in agriculture, horticulture, and aquaculture. We combine science and business expertise to grow our clients’ revenue and profit.

Our consultants work globally on industry-leading initiatives across the primary food supply chain, with specific skill-sets in biological and data science, production system economics, strategy and investment, and technology. Their global reach gives the company a technical and strategic view of a wide range of challenges facing primary food production. LifCare is India’s largest Subscription pharmacy for chronic patients and is making chronic health management affordable and convenient for everyone. 
India has ~25% of its population suffering from chronic diseases and about 1/3 rd of this population does not adhere to its maintenance medicine - leading to hospitalization and sky-rocketing healthcare costs. We lost ~300,000 lives to Diabetes alone in 2015 due to non-adherence. We, at LifCare, believe we can save these lives. We are redefining chronic disease management and the medicine supply chain using intelligent technology and data science that includes refills management, prescription digitization, offline to online shift, medicine reminders, intelligent warehouse stocking and smart logistics.

Founded in late 2015 by a team consisting of IIT/IIM alumni having several years of industry experience in companies like BCG, Bain Capital, J&J, Cipla, Grofers, Caremark, Runnr and SAP Labs. LifCare aims to enhance the whole pharmacy experience for patients by providing a relationship-oriented, technology-driven and convenient environment. 


From proactive monthly refills to updating dosages to making sure adherence improves, we at LifCare take care of everything. We are an ideal healthcare centre for patients on long duration medicines for Diabetes, Heart, Hypertension, Thyroid, Kidney disorders, etc. We are proud to be in an industry that can make a real difference to millions of lives! 

Write to us at care@lifcare.in or visit us at www.lifcare.in to know more. S2S APPAREL LABELING | S2S CREATIVE PACKAGING | S2S FABRIC SURFACE +
S2S PRINT SERVICE BUREAU
www.shrtoshr.com

One Source, One Vision, One World
Your Global Single Source Integrated Supply Chain Print Partner

Production & Sales Locations
Sri Lanka Colombo & KEPZ | India Vizag SEZ & Chennai MEPZ | Bangladesh Dhaka, Gazipur & Chittagon

Sales & Service Locations
USA | United Kingdom | Germany | Australia | Sri Lanka | India | Bangladesh

Shore To Shore, manufactures and supplies merchandise identification products to leading Global Brands and garment manufacturers worldwide. The company was founded in 1998, with eco-friendly manufacturing production facilities now based in the world's largest garment producing regions Sri Lanka, India & Bangladesh. 

The Shore To Shore trio provide its customers with a single source convenience, providing a complete range of sustainable Apparel Labelling, Print Packaging & Textile Transfer solutions to the global fashion retailers & Apparel manufacturers. Supplying leading brands of Intimates, Active, Athleisure, kids, Fast Fashion, Retail & FMCG industries.

S2S pinoneer the S2S GLOBAL IN-HOUSE PRINT SHOP, Needle point apparel labeling and print solutions and variable data management.

The manufacturing centres facilitate centralised design, product development and international Brand Management with a vertical manufacturing workflow and Engineering R&D facility. Leveraging expertise in printing and material science and high precision engineering to create innovative finishes and functionality on board & fabric with emphasis on co-creation.  S2S provides sophisticated concept-to-delivery solutions to its customers. Providing a more responsive, more customer focused service. Churning over a 100 million labels a year.

18 Years Heritage | Global reach | A Superior product portfolio| Customer driven excellence | S2S Print Shop Needle Point Apparel Labeling & Printing Solutions.

S2SWORLD GLOBAL CUSTOMER PORTAL 
 VISEO Data & Process, a VISEO Group Business Unit, helps the operational implementation of its clients’ strategic transformation plans. The scope of our expertise brings a global answer to these stakes and contributes to our consultants’ multi-skills: 

• SOLUTIONS - ERP, CRM, P2P, APS, TMS, PLM 
• DATA - Business Intelligence, EPM, Data Science, Big Data 
• CONSULTING - Finance, Supply Chain, Digital Transformation, Change Management.

We act from scoping phases to projects implementations, their national and international deployments, AMS and 24/7 monitoring for critical applications. VISEO Data & Process addresses all business sectors and offering vertical solutions for Luxury, Cosmetology, Retail, Agri-food and Services. 

We are based in France -Paris, Lyon, Aix en Provence, Toulouse, Nantes, Morlaix- and abroad in Casablanca, New York, Singapore, Hong Kong, Cebu and Sydney.
 XAMCHECK is one of the fastest growing education startups in India serving more than 100,000 students with its flagship product IMAX. We recently raised VC funding from Aspada (equity fund backed by George Soros). XAMCHECK products deliver a seamless mix of standardized content + exams + personalized content based on the exam performance. 

XAMCHECK is built on the deep sectoral experience of its mother company Policy Innovations. Policy Innovations was founded in 2009 and consulted for various orgs for impact evaluation and product development in the education sector. This year in 2015 the company aggressively grew its business five folds. The company is now moving into exponential expansion phase where it seeks to deliver a seamless Learning Experience based on offline and digital means. The product portfolio is designed to capture mass markets as well as address niche markets and achieve the status of a modern global education company.

XAMCHECK team includes alumni of IITs, ISB, NID, RAND Corporation (USA), Teach for India and many other reputed institutes with expertise and passions ranging across product development, technology, education psychology, design, data science, sales & distribution and supply chain mgmt. The culture of the company is fast paced and entrepreneurial, making it an ideal grooming ground for those who want to tread the unchartered path and make an impact in the world.

For more about XAMCHECK please visit – 
1.	Our websites www.xamcheck.com and http://imaxprogram.com/
2.	Our article on evolution of the company - https://medium.com/@naveen_mandava/the-evolution-of-xamcheck-d482976942e0
3.	Our article on future of education - https://medium.com/@naveen_mandava/be-a-chameleon-not-an-unicorn-in-the-education-market-a0507d45fd36


Our vision - Age of Maya - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MuaMq1AM6Z8 

Our team on education sector - http://youtu.be/9Zb-R4s0r4Q Citrine Informatics is the data platform for the physical world. Our platform ingests and analyzes vast quantities of technical data on materials, chemicals, and devices to streamline R&D, manufacturing, and supply chain operations for any organization that produces a physical product. Our users are scientists and engineers at large manufacturing and materials companies, as well as researchers at universities and government labs, and our platform is an essential workflow tool that enables these users to analyze tremendous quantities of technical data. Climate Earth combines the art of big data analytics with the science of life cycle assessment to create cost effective solutions to help manage environmental impacts throughout your company’s product portfolio and supply chain.

Our expertise is in delivering solutions that model, measure and manage environmental impacts at both the product and enterprise level.  Our cost effective solutions include scalable, on-demand Environmental Product Declarations (EPD), sustainable supply chain management, climate change risk management and natural capital management. 

Our solutions provide a range of options to equip you with the essential business intelligence not captured in traditional accounting processes yet is required for sustained environmental and financial performance.  All of our applications are available via secure, web-based dashboards. ECS Inc., founded in 2004 has advanced into the new wave of digital transformation where our portfolio of products and services include AI integrated Chatbots, high-end visualization based reporting tool, Emerging Technology Labs (ETL), data lake management solutions, Data Science and Big Data Analytics products and services such as Procurement Analytics, Marketing Analytics, HR Analytics and Supply Chain Analytics. We aim at providing sustainable business solutions to our clients across diverse sectors. Our technical expertise will give all our clients the freedom to focus on their business problems while we attend to their technology needs, thus making our clients more efficient and profitable at the same time. 

Mr Raj Subramanian is the Founder & CEO of ECS Inc. Prior to  ECS Inc, he has worked with  Gartner Inc. in Greater New York City, USA. He has more than 20+ yrs. of industry experience in Gartner, PwC to name a few. Fabriq is a new approach to whole building optimisation, delivering next-generation digital connectivity services to building users, operators and owners.

We help reduce energy and resource consumption in buildings, cut operating costs, and improve occupant health and well-being.

Fabriq provides a web-based platform (Fabriq OS) and building apps, in addition to data science services for special projects.

Find out more on fabriq.space.

P.S> For those of you who have been tracking us for a while, Fabriq is the new name for EnergyDeck Ltd.  Data science is quickly redefining the way the world does business.  According to The Economist Magazine, data has replaced oil as the world’s most valuable resource.   Ascension Analytics Group specializes in helping your business utilize and understand its most powerful resource.  

Advanced econometric analysis and data analytics are extremely powerful tools that can often lead to competitive advantages not available to businesses in the past. However, when applied incorrectly, these techniques can lead to poor and misleading conclusions.  Most companies have some level of information technology staffing well qualified to collect data, provide basic reports, and perform basic spreadsheet analytics.  However, extracting the most valuable nuggets of business intelligence from these heaps of data requires expertise beyond what a typical IT department can provide. Ascension Analytics finds that companies are sitting on mountains of relevant data, but they lack expertise to distill it into valuable nuggets of business intelligence. 

The business world is changing at speeds not seen since the Industrial Revolution. Data driven solutions are without question the key to survival in today’s fast paced economy. Ascension Analytics was formed to help businesses harness this power.  Our team members individually specialize in a plethora of quantitative and qualitative skills, collectively united by an intense passion for data analytics.
 ORMAE, registered in the United States, UAE, New Zealand & India, provides Operations Research and Data Science services with a focus on the Supply Chain, Automotive, Transportation, E-commerce, ITeS/Call Center, Telecommunications, Healthcare, Chemical and Manufacturing Industries. The team includes scientists from top-tier institutes with a strong background in Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Data Science and Computer Science. They are led by Dr. Amit Garg, who holds a Guinness World Record in Mathematics and worked for 9+ years in the United States developing innovative algorithms and mathematical models for Amazon, Genesys, Penske and Progressive Insurance. TRANSFORMING THE SUPPLY CHAIN

Transform the way you look at drug distribution across the supply chain

Our world-leading cloud temperature management solution is designed with pharma for pharma. It enables you to meet compliance, identify lean and sustainable initiatives in the supply chain, and ultimately deliver drugs safely.

We provide a tailored, tracker-independent, temperature management solution for the life science industry. BXB Digital is a newly-established provider of data-driven supply chain visibility and logistics solutions. Launched in March 2016 by the global supply-chain logistics company, Brambles, the company combines physical platforms with Internet of Things technologies that go beyond traditional boundaries to provide a more connected, intelligent and efficient supply chain.

BXB Digital harnesses the scale, supply-chain expertise and insights that come from Brambles’ end-to-end involvement in the world’s supply chains. Today, Brambles owns and manages over 550 million pallets, crates and containers that are shared and reused amongst supply chain participants in more than 60 countries, serving consumer goods, fresh produce, beverage, retail, general manufacturing, automotive and other industries. Through Brambles’ sustainable, circular business model customers are able to transport their goods through their supply chains more safely, efficiently and sustainably. 

Brambles is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX:BXB) and primarily operates through its CHEP and IFCO brands.
 FurstPerson empowers companies with data-driven intelligence to hire and keep high-performing people.  We partner with the world’s most recognizable companies to design hiring and performance-optimization solutions.  Our software and solutions impact the entire employee lifecycle, helping companies optimize the way they leverage talent.

The company consists of inquisitive professionals who challenge traditional thinking in the pursuit of creative solutions that improve talent-driven hiring decisions in work-at-home and brick-and-mortar facilities. FurstPerson values its customers, innovation that improves life and work, transparency in communication and results, and translating great science into amazing results. 

FurstPerson provides a web-based hiring platform that specializes in helping businesses hire for direct customer facing jobs including service, sales, and support roles.    FurstPerson’s pre-hire and talent-growth solutions embrace the uniqueness of each customer’s business, jobs, and culture. 
 
FurstPerson’s digital talent assessment solutions deliver an average return of $34 for every $1 invested when combined with Employee Lifecycle Analytics.  Talent assessment solutions are tailored to your specific needs and deliver an engaging applicant experience on any digital device.  The resulting intelligence gives your team the insight to recruit high potentials and make hiring decisions that drive Talent Forward.

FurstPerson’s talent assessment platform includes:
•	Interactive, award-winning simulations
•	Workplace personality and motivational fit test
•	Workplace problem solving test
•	Workplace writing skills test
•	Computer knowledge tests
•	Biographical Data Assessment
•	Structured Interview Tool Welcome to Renault Digital! Our aim? Digitalizing Renault core business for its employees, partners and clients worldwide! 

Innovation is in the Renault DNA. We're working to build tomorrow’s digital abilities and scope.
We're new ! We just started our operations on January 1st, 2017. 
 
How are we working ? 

We have based our approach on an inspiring start-up ecosystem. We will work with multidisciplinary teams to support strategic digital projects, aimed at digitalizing all the automotive core business.
These teams will integrate various  core competencies, such as data science and design thinking. Most projects will be run using Agile methodologies and on the basis of on the job training. 
Projects will also serve to provide on-the-job training
Are you ready to digitalize ? Join us! Making intelligent connections in the global Data Analytics, Data Science and Actuarial Markets.

Talent Insights Group is a specialist recruitment company focusing on Data Analytics, Data Science, Data Engineering, Actuarial, Customer Insights, Digital Analytics, and Business Intelligence. Based in Australia servicing Sydney and Melbourne, we have built strong relationships endorsed by our clients and connect people in Retail, FMCG, Banking & Finance and Telcos.

We have long established links overseas, enabling us to have ready access to candidates in South Africa, the UK, the US and Asia.

Specialties: 
Actuarial, Data Analytics, Data Science, Data Engineering, Customer Insights, Marketing Analysis, Business Intelligence, Campaigns, Advanced Modelling, Client Management, Consulting.

Our client portfolio ranges from leading national and global brands to new exciting technology start-ups. Flexsin is the leading IT services provider for SMEs and Enterprise businesses. We offer Custom Web Applications Development, Software Applications, Mobile Applications, Cloud Computing, ERP, CRM, Big Data and Digital Marketing Services assisting start-ups and enterprises of various sizes. We are ISO 9001:2008, NASSCOM Certified, GOOGLE & Microsoft Network Partner Company. We have a team of 200+ certified professionals who are Graduates / Masters in Computer Science from the renowned institutes. Within a short span of 8 years, we have 2,500+ satisfied clients across the globe with 6,500+ projects delivered successfully. For us the real value for 6500+ business endeavors lies in accomplishing the clients'​ business goals and objectives with minimum inputs involved. We make sure that our clients get the real business value for their investments through strategic positioning of the business at the vantage points and the advantage of offshore quality work at a competitive cost. Inspur group is China's leading cloud computing, big data service provider with four listed companies: Inspur Information, Inspur Software, Inspur International and Inspur Huaguang, covering four large industry groups of cloud data center, cloud services & big data, smart city, and smart enterprises and providing comprehensive solutions in IaaS, PaaS and SaaS.
With high-end servers, mass storage, cloud operating system and information security technology, Inspur helps customers to build leading platforms underpinned by cloud computing infrastructure and based on its information software for governments, enterprises and industries, terminal products and solutions, Inspur can fully support governments, enterprises and industries in cloud construction. Now, Inspur ships its IT products and services to more than 100 countries and regions around the world.
Inspur is the No.2 company in China’s IT industry with its comprehensive strength, top one among China’s domestic software vendors, fourth server provider in the world and No.1 in China, No.1 storage seller in China for 13 consecutive years, No.1 ERP provider in the market for 14 years, and Inspur Cloud takes the largest share in China’s government market and Inspur Tianyuan Data ranks No.1 with its comprehensive strength. Inspur is one of the eight national secure and reliable computer information system integration key enterprises, and independently developed China's first mainframe for key applications - TSK1, making Inspur the fifth company and China, after the United States and Japan, the third country that masters core technologies of high-end servers. TSK1 also won the National Science and Technology Progress Award in 2014.
As one of China's senior IT brands, for over 70years, Inspur has been committed to being an advanced IT product manufacturer and a leading IT solution supplier who leads information trend and promote civilization.
 vCentric is now part of the larger itelligence group which is a premium SAP partner, while a group company we still operate in complete independence. vCentric is now dedicatedly focused on resource augmentation business. We have successfully engaged for more than 10 years now with large IT, telecom, IT captives of large business groups and ITeS companies to help them with flexi hiring (skilled contract manpower supply).

•	Artificial Intelligence, Data Science , Machine Learning and BIG DATA
o	AI Solution Architect
o	Machine Learning Solution Architect
o	Data Scientist
o	Big Data Analyst
o	Apache
o	Hadoop
•	Analytics and Data Warehouse 
o	SAP Analytics
o	IBM COGNOS
o	SAS Application dev
o	Microsoft Power BI
o	Oracle BI
o	SSIS/SSRS/SSAS
o	Data warehousing
o	Data stage
o	ETL
•	Core App Development
o	Microsoft technologies
o	Java technologies 
o	Mobile
•	ERP Skills: 
o	SAP Functional and Technical, FIORI, BASIS 
o	Oracle Functional and Technical
o	Microsoft Dynamics 
o	JD Edwards and PeopleSoft
•	Database Administration
o	SAP HANA Database management
o	SAP Sybase Database management
o	Oracle Database management
o	My SQL Database management
o	Microsoft SQL Database management
o	IBM DB2 Database management
o	Open Source Database management
•	Server/system Administration
o	Lotus Domino
o	Tivoli
o	IIS Apache
o	Citrix
o	Vmware
o	Solaris
o	AIX
o	Storage/SAN
o	HP-UX
o	SHELL/PERL Scripting
o	Linux
o	Windows
o	MS exchange
•	Infrastructure and facility management services
o	Desktop Management
o	Service Desk
o	Network operation
o	Windows VmWare
•	Microsoft Solutions
o	Silverlight
o	SharePoint
o	BIZTALK
o	C#.NET
o	VB.NET
o	ASP.NET
o	VB

We are also flexible on the engagement model and can support your organisation with 
1.	Permanent staffing
2.	Contract staffing
3.	Contract to Hire arrangements
4.	Hire , Train and Deploy
5.	Outsource – application development (.net and Java)
 Loyola University Maryland’s Sellinger School of Business and Management prepares leaders to embrace business a vital contributor to economic and societal well-being. The Sellinger School has more than 60 faculty members and 2,000 students enrolled in undergraduate and graduate business programs. Sellinger is accredited by AACSB International in both business administration and accounting, and has an established chapter of Beta Gamma Sigma, the business student honor society. The Sellinger School enjoys its reputation as the business school of choice in the Baltimore metropolitan area.

Sellinger’s programs are known for providing business education that emphasize strong ethical leadership, commitment to social responsibility, and a global perspective. Students and alumni have strong connections to a graduate network of more than 20,000 alumni.

At the undergraduate level, the Sellinger School offers a Bachelors in Business Administration (B.B.A.) with majors in accounting and business administration. The business administration major has concentrations in the disciplines of business economics, finance, information systems, international business, management, and marketing. Sellinger also offers minors in business administration and general business. The general business minor includes concentrations in business economics, entrepreneurship, information systems, international business, and marketing. Classes are held on the Evergreen campus in Baltimore City.

At the graduate level, the Sellinger School offers part-time, weekend, and full-time MBA programs to address the busy schedules and varying career stages of professionals seeking a leadership degree. Sellinger also offers a specialty Master of Accounting program, and a M.S. in Data Science in conjunction with the Loyola College of Arts and Sciences. Classes are held on graduate campuses in Columbia and Timonium, Maryland, and some courses are offered in online and hybrid formats.
 Paytm Labs builds technologies that power Paytm, the world's fastest growing mobile payments and commerce ecosystem. We use our skills, and our biggest asset - data, to make our little dent in this universe. 

We make commerce smoother, safer, and personal. Learn more about us at http://www.paytmlabs.com/. Sysmex is respected worldwide as being synonymous with quality, innovation and reliability. Here in New Zealand we develop integrated IT solutions for laboratories, hospitals and healthcare providers that are designed to bring benefits including improved patient clinical services and efficiency advances. We also supply clinical instrumentation, providing our customers with direct access to the advanced technologies and innovations developed by Sysmex Corporation.

As a highly respected and trusted presence in the NZ healthcare industry for over three decades, our longevity is a testament to our industry leadership role, our many collaborative relationships within the sector, and our ability to rapidly respond to the true needs of our customers with innovative solutions.

Sysmex New Zealand is a subsidiary of Sysmex Corporation of Japan, a market leader in the delivery of total solutions in the fields of clinical laboratory testing, including haematology, haemostasis, urinalysis, clinical chemistry, immunoassay systems, flow cytometry and life science, supplying products and services to customers in more than 160 countries.
 Helping organisations to understand where, why and how people move.

DataSpark is a mobility intelligence company delivering mobility intelligence in every application for every interaction. We are a Singtel Group Company, a leading global multi-media and communications service provider that serves 640 million customers across 22 countries. 

Operating in 5 countries, DataSpark brings a rich background of deep and relevant technical and domain expertise. We combine rich carrier datasets, scalable platforms and innovative solutions to enable a deep understanding of mobility patterns of people. Our relevant domain expertise allows us to build data products and services to deliver high business impact. Founded in the year of 2000, eSpace was the brain child of a group of computer science graduates who later teamed up with experienced computer science professors to build a world class organization that applies and advances technology for the welfare of people and for the realization of technological visions. Since its inception, eSpace specialized in building powerful online technology and experience by combining our expertise in strategy, design and technology.

eSpace is always eager to explore the latest technologies available and make use of them for our customers. Currently we are immersed in the Worlds of Web and Mobile with a wide range of interests such as Python, django, iOS and Android. eSpace is also considered to be the undeclared leader in the Middle East for Ruby on Rails developments and we were also the first Arab speakers in international RubyConf 2008 and Ruby Kaigi 2009.

Making use of other people’s technologies is not enough; what is equally important is giving back to the community. eSpace has long been an ardent supporter and contributor to open-source technologies. We are also strongly supportive of any step that amplifies the Arabic-oriented user’s experience online, emphasizing Arabic Language analysis, indexing, improvement of Arabic search and Arabic online editors/transliterates.

Our team has the creative vision and talented brains to serve its customers to the fullest. Insightful consultation, skills diversity and flexibility in meeting and exceeding client expectations are our very strengths. We have a full spectrum of talents, including technical engineers, web developers, web designers, graphic designers and a business development team. We work in an extremely dynamic and challenging environment where we are continuously exploring new technologies and applying them to serve our client’s needs, an environment where high learning capacity and creative thinking are essential. Root is the first insurance company founded on the principle of fundamental fairness. We create personalized products that give good drivers the protection they deserve.

At Root we only insure good drivers, and that is why our rates are always fair. Unlike other insurance companies, we do not bundle good drivers with bad drivers. Instead, we use data science to find and reward good drivers with the best rates.

Root is headquartered in Columbus, Ohio. The company is an official carrier licensed by Ohio Department of Insurance, a member of the Ohio Guarantee Fund, and backed by the largest reinsurance company in the world. From offices in London, Hong Kong, Singapore, Bangkok, Kuala Lumpur and Dubai, our consultants work within specialist teams recruiting for permanent, interim and temporary positions. Our core areas of expertise include: 

•	Accounting & Finance
•	Advanced Analytics & Data Science
•	Business Support
•	Business Transformation
•	Digital & e-Commerce
•	Financial Services
•	Human Resources
•	Insurance
•	Legal & Compliance
•	Life Sciences
•	Manufacturing & Engineering
•	Real Estate
•	Retail
•	Sales & Marketing
•	Supply Chain & Procurement
•	Strategy
•	Technology                  

We have a clear and bold vision to change the way the world thinks about recruitment. We want to dispel the stereotypes and myths long associated with recruitment and show people that we do things differently. We are raising the bar. We are brought together by a common set of values, which sit at the very heart of our business. This is a new world order for recruitment where insight, agility, talent, trust and results are key.

We are a team of functional and sector specialists. We deliver a genuinely consultative service that is underpinned by the depth of both our market knowledge and the client and candidate networks we have developed. We build relationships, not databases, and add real
value that helps organisations and individuals grow.

For more information, please visit our website - argyllscott.com

REED Singapore (EA Licence No. 08C3489) was acquired by Argyll Scott.  Io-Tahoe is a pioneer in machine learning-driven smart data discovery solutions that enable organizations to discover data in lakes and relational data instances, helping enterprises trace data elements across their systems in spite of outdated metadata definitions.

The product utilizes machine learning algorithms to dramatically increase the accuracy, intelligence and speed of learning of complex data elements and data relationships throughout the entire business environment.

Our product has been custom-built by a team with a deep understanding of data challenges, giving us first-hand insight and appreciation into our customers’ diverse and complex data needs.

Enterprise data is a tremendous money-making asset, yet few organizations can manage it in a way that’s useful to the business.

And no matter what a businesses’ data needs are – data flow, data governance, big data management or something else, data discovery is the first step in leveraging their data in a meaningful way. Io-Tahoe enables this.

Io-Tahoe acts as a foundation that enables businesses to leverage their data knowledge across the entire enterprise in whichever way most advances their organization. 

Our solutions are particularly valuable to businesses with large numbers of customers and diverse data sets, such as those in the financial services, utilities, retail, transportation, insurance, healthcare and manufacturing industries. Peanut Labs is a fast-growing innovation, technology, and social media monetization business. The company enables social and marketing research sample through partnerships with highly diverse social media applications and communities, including major social and gaming networks. Peanut Labs is a wholly owned subsidiary of  Research Now Group, Inc, the global leader in digital research data for better insights and business decisions.

Peanut Labs is an innovator in online market research, monetization, and advertising. We understand the science behind connecting people and delivering industry leading results. We match online consumers who are interested in voicing their opinions, trying products and discovering new websites with companies seeking insights, engagement and new customers. And we do it all in a way that is fun, relevant, and most importantly, rewarding for everyone. Since 2007, we’ve served millions of online consumers, and worked with thousands of researchers, advertisers and online communities of every size.

Sign up for our newsletter here:
http://go.peanutlabs.com/newsletter


Samplify   http://samplify.it/
Have a survey, but no sample? Have no fear! If you’ve written a survey but have no one to send it to, we can help! Samplify is an easy to use tool for gaining access to the targeted people you’d like to survey. Market Equations – Research | Data Analytics | Outsourcing 


Founded in 2006 and among the first Analytics outsourcing firms in India, Market Equations combines advanced Analytics expertise and decades of Consulting experience to add measurable and enduring value to organizations globally that have a sustainable and long term impact. 

Market Equations India customers gain access to the combined capabilities of a result oriented Research and Analytics team comprising of Subject Matter Experts, Industry, Business and Financial Analysts, Statisticians, Programmers, Management Graduates & Science and Technology professionals from premier educational institutions in India. We help our clients achieve excellence by leveraging our expertise in analytics using statistics, mathematics, econometrics and operations research to drive results through fact based decision making. STATSports provide an unparalleled, all-encompassing sports science and performance analysis service within the elite sporting industry. STATSports has advanced the application of sports science within the high profile sporting organisations of our growing client list which includes: Juventus, Manchester United, Manchester City, Liverpool, Arsenal, the Carolina Panthers and the Chicago Bulls.

Launched in 2012, our award-winning Viper pod is one of STATSports leading performance monitoring devices for elite sports teams on the market. The Viper pod is worn by the best athletes in the world of sport for performance monitoring on a daily basis by collecting both training and game-day data. The Viper pod streams live data in real-time through the Viper Live Streaming software as well as logging all data for post-session download.

Spring 2017 saw the launch of STATSports’ revolutionary APEX device. APEX is worn by athletes during training sessions and in matches to collect intricate data on their performance and physical wellbeing. This allows managers and coaches to make decisions to adjust player or team workloads based on the data provided and has transformed the GPS player tracking device landscape. 

APEX has changed the sports technology and sports science space by providing teams with a device five years more advanced than any competing devices on the market. APEX is the most advanced athlete performance-tracking device ever released integrating the latest technologies on the market, including; augmented 18Hz GPS, 600Hz accelerometer and Bluetooth LE to create the most powerful and accurate tacking device on the market.
 The Bill & Melinda Gates Institute for Population and Reproductive Health conducts and facilitates cutting-edge research in family planning, reproductive health, and population dynamics and translates science into evidence-informed policies, programs, and practice. The Institute works as an innovator, partner, advocate, and convener to bridge the gap between knowledge and implementation and promote access to universal reproductive health and family planning for all.

The Gates Institute is located within in the Department of Population, Family and Reproductive Health at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore, MD. 

Our work:

120 Under 40: The New Generation of Family Planning Leaders
Advance Family Planning (AFP)
Demographic Dividend
Family Planning Voices (FP Voices) Installation
International Conference on Family Planning (ICFP)
International Youth Alliance for Family Planning (IYAFP)
Performance Monitoring and Accountability 2020 (PMA2020)
The Challenge Initiative (TCI) Entercoms empowers corporations to extract real value from their service and supply chain. Leveraging advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, the Entercoms platform and proprietary technology deliver the ability to maximize revenue and drive greater control over business outcomes while minimizing risk. As a digital technology and services company, Entercoms achieves true transformation of the entire service chain through business-driven IP, analytical models, domain expertise, operations support services and cross-industry best practices. By integrating data and decision-making across parts planning, support channels, customers and the installed base, the impact to business outcomes exceeds the sum of individual tools and functions.

Entercoms has its roots in Data Science starting back in 2008 when we introduced our proprietary solutions and unique engagement model which has enabled global leaders to achieve visibility and control over the key levers of their service operation. Our customers become more predictive and proactive and their services are more agile and better suited to the needs of their customer. This is the expected outcome in attaining true service chain transformation.

Entercoms transforms service chains through our unique mix of IP technology, non-disruptive engagement model, outcome and performance-based managed services, and rapid time to value. This has earned Entercoms the distinction of being listed as one of Gartner’s Cool Vendors in Supply Chain Services, 2016. We have also achieved “Winner’s Circle” membership in the HfS Blueprint Report for our innovation-driven business while our industry leadership and vision have earned us the recognition of the Ernst & Young’s Entrepreneur of the Year Award. Welcome to the official datascience@berkeley LinkedIn page.

The Master of Information and Data Science (MIDS) program offers a rigorous, multidisciplinary, curriculum designed to prepare professionals to solve real-world problems using complex and unstructured data. The program features the same leading UC Berkeley faculty and data science professionals who teach on campus. Delivered in a web-based learning environment, the program blends live, face-to-face classes with interactive online course work. All students are active members of the I School community and receive personalized academic and technical support as well as a connection to the San Francisco Bay Area, the heart of the data science revolution. 

We encourage you to share your comments, questions, and thoughts. You can also follow us at http://twitter.com/BerkeleyData or http://facebook.com/BerkeleyDataScience. 

Learn more about this program by requesting additional information at http://bit.ly/lBerkeleyData. 

This page is managed by the datascience@berkeley communications staff.  In addition to leaving comments, questions, and feedback on this page, you can also email our social media manager, Jenna Dutcher, at jdutcher@berkeley.edu. 

Any posts containing inappropriate content, including profanity, impolite remarks, or unofficial promotions will be removed and are subject to the discretion of the datascience@berkeley and UC Berkeley School of Information staff. In 1978 the GEO-data GmbH was founded as a geological service enterprise. Since that time the GEO-data group has diversified and specialized in different geological and geo-technical areas. 

The GEO-data, Gesellschaft für Logging Service mbH covers the complete range of surface logging services. 
A trademark of the GEO-data group is the complete in-house development of all components required for our services including the construction of mud logging units, the analytical equipment and the highly specialized data acquisition and visualization software. The Research & Development department closely co-operates with our customers as well as with partners from science and research. Own developments, such as the fast gas chromatograph (FID), are designed & constructed in the main office in Garbsen. 
Technically competent, highly motivated and continuously trained employees are the trademark of the whole GEO-data group. They ensure that the geological-technical information are processed, documented, and that samples are accurately and precisely descripted according to the requirements of the client at the well-site. 

Since 1982 we operate our own accredited laboratory for drinking water-, pollutant- and reservoir water analytics (according to DIN ISO/IEC 17025), equipped with analytical instrumentation of the newest generation such as a Rock Eval 6® analyzer, GC-IRMS, TOC/TC analysators and other. Special focus is layed on our Isotope-Laboratory for mudgas isotope logging. Softweb Solutions Inc. is a tech consulting and development company with offices in Chicago and Dallas. We work with organizations across the world to implement the best-of-breed solutions and processes to help them meet their business challenges. 

Our services and solutions span the entire technology spectrum. These are our core offerings - 

Internet of Things - Covers IoT platform consulting, IoT platform, smart solutions, IoT apps and handling cloud infrastructure

Data services - We handle big data, data engineering, data science and data visualizations

Cognitive services - We offer a plethora of bot development services which increase customer as well as employee engagement and make your business available 24 / 7 / 365.

Extended reality (XR) - We are one of the few extended reality companies with a strong tech background. Our XR services include AR, MR and VR app development. 

Custom application development - Development of large-scale end-to-end enterprise systems 

Enterprise mobility - Developing apps across all platforms by covering strategy, design, engineering, testing, deployment and management 

Microsoft services - We work on all Microsoft related services and technologies such as SharePoint, Azure and .NET

Open source services - Building mission-critical apps and systems based on open source technologies 

Marketing automation - Attract and prioritize your leads and close more deals with the help of our marketing experts

For more information, visit - 
www.softwebsolutions.com   | www.softwebiot.com | www.cognitivebots.ai | www.softwebmr.com | www.softwebmobility.com  | www.iotconnect.io | softwebdatascience.com | 

Phone: 866-345-7638 | Email: info@softwebsolutions.com Livspace is a highly innovative, personalized home design and decor marketplace for homeowners. With Livspace, customers can discover thousands of interior designs for all types of rooms, personalize the design - by color, material, style - to their liking, and get the exact look for their homes in a matter of weeks.

Our founding team combines world class talent and entrepreneurial experience gathered at companies like Google, Microsoft, Yahoo, Amazon, Flipkart, Adobe, Myntra, and Space Matrix. We are well-funded; our investors include top venture firms like Helion, Bessemer, and Jungle. We are a design and technology-first team and employ a combination of data science, algorithms, and industrial design to create unique experiences for homeowners and scale the job of interior designers. N°1 Aviation University in Europe

Our institution provides a comprehensive range of 28 higher education programs ranging from Bachelor to Master of Science, Aviation Advanced Master, Master of Business and Administration as well as Ph.D.s in the domains of aeronautics and aviation.

ENAC alumni work in aeronautical and aviation companies, in fields such as manufacturing (Airbus, ATR, Embraer, Safran, P&W, GE, Rockwell Collins, Thales, Indra), and airports, airlines, civil aviation authorities as well as air navigation providers across the globe.

Innovative ENAC research laboratories work in cooperation with the best universities worldwide to provide a safer, more efficient and more sustainable air transport system.  

 The ENAC university is made up of :

- 2,500 students in 30 various training courses : engineer, air transport pilot, air controller, etc.
- 7,500 trainees each year in 400 continuing education programmes or advanced training courses
- A unique research lab
- International activities : ENAC welcomes hundreds of international students and trainees from the 5 continents each year,
- A education team having an exceptional amount of professional skills and know-how,
- High level training material associated with its multidisciplinary activities : ATC simulators, flight simulators, 135 aircrafts, laboratories for electronics, data processing, aerodynamics, languages, etc...

Through all these activities, the ENAC university is committed to meeting the requirements of the aeronautical field, in which both private and public actors are involved, either in France or abroad.

Today, thanks to the acknowledged skills of its teachers, searchers, students, trainees and its whole staff, the ENAC university is looking to strengthen its influence throughout the world, being always committed in its field of excellence : aeronautics. Software is changing the world. InfoQ, a news and community site with content currently published in English, Chinese, Japanese,Brazilian Portuguese and French empowers software developers to be agents of change in their industries.  

Along with QCon, our practitioner-driven conferences, InfoQ’s purpose is to facilitate the spread of knowledge and innovation in enterprise software development.

As of 2017, InfoQ.com’s readership base is over 1,500,000 unique visitors per month reading content from 100 locally-based editors across the globe. Our goal is to continue to build localized language communities. 

Download our latest eMag : http://bit.ly/2nuwhRB

Follow us on twitter @infoq.

Listen to our  podcast series on Soundcloud or iTunes https://soundcloud.com/infoq-channel 
https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-infoq-podcast/id1106971805?mt=2

Download the featured eMag: http://bit.ly/2BcwHCk Tilburg University has been a reliable provider of high-quality education and research for ninety years. We specialize in the social sciences and humanities and we seek to make a structural contribution to society. In order to accomplish this, we invite other knowledge institutions, authorities, citizens, and the business community to work together with us on new insights and valuable solutions for society. Moreover, we are known for our international orientation: students from 100 countries currently study here, so our campus really is a ‘global village’ of diversity. 

-	more than 14.000 students and 2.500 staff members
-	1736 international students with 100 different nationalities
-	more than 60.000 alumni
-	58 programs taught in English Prognosys Analytics Inc is a Data & CRM Analytics solution company located in Cambridge MA focused on CRM driven business to automate there customer data supply-chain while working across the integrated solutions covering Data Cleansing, Enrichment, Append & Omni-channel Customer Intelligence platform while leveraging data science. Founded and run by visionary Data Scientist trained at MIT & Harvard, with leadership experience from companies like GE, Target & Oracle among others.

We operate from Boston, Sunnyvale, Singapore & Bangalore, with Enterprise clients which are customer data driven.

Our clients include fortune 500 companies across High Tech, Retail/ E-commerce & Financial.

Please visit us -  www.prognosysd.com for more information. 180.ai provides a thought leader thinking of leading digital solutions in the integration of data driven, creativity led and context native.Specializing in using innovative ideas and technologies to help brands thrive in today’s cross-media landscape. 
At 180, we believe in using S.E.E.T. – storytelling, engagement, entertainment and topicality thinking – to create effective connections with consumers. Think Divergent and Act Fast.  
Headquartered in Beijing and with a branch in Shanghai, we have also built up our service network globally. Big Data Analytics Software Vendor SQream Technologies delivers a high-performing Next Generation GPU-powered SQL database designed to quickly relieve Big Data and complex Analytics pains to enable businesses interact dynamically with their digital assets.  

With minimum cost, hardware and infrastructure changes required, SQream enables businesses to easily ingest, store and analyze tens to hundreds of terabytes of data and beyond, with ease, in near real-time.

SQream harnesses the  power of thousands of parallel processing cores in a cost-effective GPU. This power provides a cost-effective alternative to classic MPP (parallel) DBMS solutions, running on hundreds or thousands of costly general-purpose processors, distributed over dozens of compute nodes. With SQream the power of a full-rack database machine is condensed into a standard 2U server, handling up to 100TB.

SQream DB is designed with simplicity in mind, to fit in almost any IT environment, and usable by anyone with even basic SQL knowledge.

Delivering a major technology boost speed- scale- flexibility and capacity wise, requiring much less hardware and no special skill sets – translates into the most cost-effective big data analytics solution available in the market.

The software can be implemented on-premise, on the cloud or as a hybrid combination of both.

Recent Accolades: 

* Disruptor Daily's Top 10 Big Data Companies to Watch, 2017
* TNW's 6 Big Data companies to watch, 2017
* Insights Success’ 50 Most Creative CEOs to Watch, 2016
* 1IT Enterprise’s 25 Most Empowering Big Data Companies, 2016
* Insights Success’ 10 Fastest Growing Financial Solution Provider Companies, 2016
* CIO Review’s 20 Most Promising Cyber Security Solution Providers, 2016
* BarnRaisers’ 15 Best Big Data Companies, 2016
* Silicon Review’s 20 Fastest Growing Big Data Companies, 2016
* CIO Banking Outlook’s Top 10 Banking Analytics Solution Providers, 2016 
* CIO Story's 50 Most Powerful Big Data Vendors, 2016
* Storage Servers’ 10 Coolest Big Data Startups, 2016
* Silicon India’s Startup of the Year Award, 2015
* Red Herring’s Top 100 Global Winner, The World's Most Promising Technology Companies, 2015
* Web Summit’s Angels’ Choice Award, One of the Most Promising 2015 Startups
* CIO Review’s 100 Most Promising Big Data Solution Providers, 2015
* CB Insights’ 12 Israeli Enterprise Startups To Watch, 2015
* Stevies Awards’ Best New Product of the Year Award, Big Data Software Solution category, 2015 
* Best in Biz Awards’ Best New Enterprise Product, 2015
* Startup City’s 20 Best Big Data Startup Companies, 2015
* Tech Trailblazers’ Regional Cup Award Big Data, 2015
* NVIDIA One to Watch Award
* USI (US Israel Business Council) The People's Choice Award
* MIXiii Israel Innovation Conference 2014 WOW startup competition winner
 Part-Time and Online Graduate Education in Engineering and Applied Sciences for Working Professionals
  
Classes are available online or on-site at eight locations including the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Lab. We offer part-time and online graduate degrees and certificate programs in the following fields.

Applied Biomedical Engineering
Applied and Computational Mathematics
Applied Physics
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering
Civil Engineering
Computer Science
Cybersecurity
Data Science
Electrical and Computer Engineering
Engineering Management
Environmental Engineering
Environmental Engineering and Science
Environmental Planning and Management
Financial Mathematics 
Information Systems Engineering
Materials Science and Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
Space Systems Engineering
Systems Engineering
Technical Management DataTorrent enables organizations to accelerate business outcomes through rapid deployment of enterprise hardened, fast big data analytics applications using the latest innovations in operationalization, data science and machine learning.

Learn more: https://www.datatorrent.com Beautiful Destinations is a media company that seeks to make the world a better place through the sharing of authentic, inspirational and immersive travel stories. Since 2012, we’ve built the largest, millennial travel community on social media with over 15 million followers in 180 countries, who turn to us daily on Instagram, Facebook, Snapchat, YouTube and Weibo. Every day, we produce and curate content that showcases the beauty of the world and inspires people to get out and travel.

Beautiful Destinations’ award-winning creative agency creates “social-first” content for some of the world’s best travel brands, with a focus on tourism boards. The team specializes in photography, drone and video (regular, vertical and 360) content creation for a mobile, millennial audience to help brands generate a return on social media through storytelling. Fast Company named Beautiful Destinations one of the World’s Most Innovative Companies in 2017. Contact press@beautifuldestinations.com for more information. Our Passion is Revenue Assurance: CHOICE was founded by a group of data scientists determined to develop a robust new theft analytics solution to help utilities drive down non-technical revenue losses with little or no impact on operational costs. In 2003, this belief became a reality with the launch of CHOICE Revenue Intelligence™. Our growing customer base soon included one of the largest utilities in Brazil, Light, a four million consumer electricity distribution utility in Rio de Janeiro. Today CHOICE Revenue Intelligence™ suite of products and services is recognised as the revenue assurance solution in emerging markets  and the thought leader worldwide as pointed out by the Northeast Group in May 2017:

“In Pure Analytics… the leading vendor focusing specifically on revenue protection is the Brazilian vendor Choice”

Being used by +30 electric, gas and water utilities is serving more than 100 million people. Our passion to cost-effectively operations provide Utilities with actionable knowledge on where to get the greatest return for each inspection dollar spent and drives us to develop products and services that adapt as thieves change their tactics.

CHOICE experts in loss recovery and computational intelligence work in partnership with your internal specialists to review available data sources and non-technical loss investigation rules and procedures. Through this shared learning approach, we are able to develop a utility-specific recommendation for you employing our highly flexible data analytics solutions. This partnership approach is how CHOICE continually delivers a quick return on investment even for utilities in emerging markets facing budget and resource constraints. At CHOICE, we work hard to find a solution to recover the revenue you deserve. Pusat Ilmu Komputer Universitas Indonesia (Pusilkom UI) is an academic venture unit under the Faculty of Computer Science, University of Indonesia. Pusilkom UI's mission is to align between the academic world and the industrial world. Pusilkom UI focuses on 4 services in Information Technology, which is Consultancy, Data Processing, Information System Development, and Training. Exterro, Inc. is the preferred provider of software specifically designed for in-house legal and IT teams at global 2000 organizations. Founded with the simple vision that applying the concepts of process optimization and data science to the way companies respond to litigation would drive more successful outcomes at a lower cost, Exterro has been recognized as a leader in Gartner’s Magic Quadrant for E-Discovery Software. Built on an open architecture platform, Exterro's e-discovery and information governance software integrates with existing IT, HR and legal systems to deliver complete visibility into all critical data required for managing information assets more efficiently. DataMetica is the leader in Big Data architecture, Advanced Analytics and Big Data Operations focused on serving large global companies. We provide a fast and reliable integration of Hadoop and related technologies into enterprise operations. Our team is comprised of highly experienced Hadoop, noSQL and Spark solutions architects, engineers and thought leaders. DataMetica is recognized throughout the world as the knowledgeable team with the most mature and reliable architecture and implementation methods. We are attributed as the originator of the enterprise data hub/lake concept going back more than 8 years.

We have strong products engineering studio around Big Data technologies and Analytics. At DataMetica, you can cultivate and exploit your best product and services ideas in an increasingly connected, smart world. This has opened significant opportunities for those who are forward-thinking, innovative, ready to take smart & calculated risks to gain professional experience in product engineering quickly. Tessella is the Analytics World Class Center of the Altran Group, a global leader in innovation and high-tech engineering consulting. We are leaders in the field of data science and analytics and we have developed a reputation for helping clients solve their most complex technical challenges by unlocking the power of their data, enabling them to make better-informed business decisions.

Our work is at the cutting-edge of high-tech R&D and our projects are varied and rewarding. For example, in pharmaceutical companies we solve computational problems for chemists at the early stages of drug discovery and development, allowing them to get a head start when they begin their experiments in the lab, ultimately getting drugs to market faster. We help consumer goods companies model and simulate new product ideas and perform data analysis to improve their processes. We also support oil and gas engineers with the computational challenges of exploration and production, from reservoir modelling to writing control systems. In space and defence, we have written algorithms and solved complex mathematical problems to control satellites and radar systems.
 Hey is a place where artistry and data science work together to bring success to our clients. Our team of content creators and digital media experts work side by side to create solutions that engage audiences across the customer journey. Brands that want to show up powerfully and credibly online work with us. Tenacious by nature, Addx Corporation is a fast-growing company providing leading technology and mission-essential services to the U.S. government. Through innovative thinking, carefully defined processes and effective use of technology solutions, Addx is passionate about helping government transform and building partnerships that deliver the highest levels of performance and productivity.

Addx provides more than solutions. Our unique experience, in-depth insights and sought-after technical expertise – combined with our ability to rapidly position resources – gives us the ability to dramatically exceed our customers’ expectations. We leverage our knowledge and experience in science-based methods and full-lifecycle CMMI-based solutions to define and develop roadmaps for project success. Our team of professionals - who retain the highest level of technical certifications - stands apart because of the determined way we approach everything. This allows us to offer a comprehensive set of complex professional services – including program, management, and technology and engineering services – that enable customers to work better, faster and smarter. We match our technical capabilities and program management experience with our tenacity for success to create customized, efficient and innovative solutions for each customer’s unique mission.

We take on today’s toughest missions with the tenacity necessary to get the job done right. Addx supports a wide array of government customers in defense and civilian sectors, including the General Services Administration, Federal Aviation Administration, U.S. Department of Energy, U.S. Department of Justice, U.S. Department of Defense, and Defense Acquisition University. Fliptop's applications use data science and predictive analytics to help companies close more sales.  

Fliptop is venture-backed and headquartered in San Francisco, CA Welcome to the official DataScience@SMU LinkedIn page. 

The Master of Science in Data Science program offers an interdisciplinary curriculum that brings together faculty and classes from three SMU schools: Dedman College of Humanities and Sciences, Lyle School of Engineering, and Meadows School of the Arts. Designed for working professionals who want to advance their careers in the evolving field of data science, the program’s coursework includes computer science, statistics, strategic behavior and data visualization. The M.S. in Data Science is delivered online, blending live, face-to-face classes, interactive online coursework and an in-person immersion experience.

We encourage you to share your comments, questions and thoughts. You can also follow us at twitter.com/SMUdatascience or facebook.com/SMUdatascience. 

This page is managed by the DataScience@SMU communications staff. In addition to leaving comments, questions and feedback on this page, you can also email our social media manager, social@datascience.smu.edu.

Any posts containing inappropriate content, including profanity, impolite remarks or unofficial promotions, will be removed and are subject to the discretion of the Data Science@SMU and SMU staff. Citrus is a Customer Relationships & Loyalty Consultancy with offices in Sydney, Melbourne and Adelaide.

We are experts in blending the art and science of relationships to get you closer to your customers. We help our clients to acquire new customer relationships, increase retention, extend the customer lifecycle, build brand loyalty & advocacy, and ultimately grow the value of their audiences. 

Our CEO, Peter Noble, is the co-author of the most comprehensive benchmark report into Australian loyalty programs, 'for love or money' which has been published each year since 2013. The report is available for download at www.theloyaltypoint.com.au

Citrus is a leading Australian Go-to-Market partner of the Salesforce Marketing Cloud, and the world's leading Customer Identity & Access Management Platform, Gigya.

Our service offering includes:

*Salesforce Marketing Cloud Activations & Implementations
*Strategy & Consulting
*Loyalty Program Strategy & Execution
*Retention Marketing
*Customer Identity Management
*Communications UX & Campaign Management
*Data & Systems Integration
*Reporting & Analysis Since 1993, BioCentury, Inc. has been internationally recognized as the leading provider of value-added information, analysis and data for biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, investors, academia and government on the strategic issues essential to the formation, development and sustainability of life science ventures. 

BioCentury employs a fully integrated multimedia platform — including publications, video, online data solutions, conferences, and eLearning programs — to provide its audience with authoritative and up-to-date intelligence about corporate strategy, partnering, emerging technology, clinical data, public policy and the financial markets. 

The company publishes the weekly editions of its flagship publication, BioCentury®, and BioCentury Week in Review, plus daily editions of BioCentury Extra. BioCentury also publishes BioCentury Innovations a weekly translational science journal. 

The company also markets BCIQ, the industry's premiere business intelligence and research database. It provides easy access to data on thousands of companies and products and $400+ billion in financings. Grant Executive Search is a boutique executive search and recruitment company offering quality services to clients and candidates across Banking, Financial Services and Commerce & Industry

We have an exceptional track record of success in delivering complex mandates and in identifying and attracting top talent.

We operate in the executive mid-market typically in the range of $120K to $400K base salaries

We are known for our specialisation with in-depth knowledge and expertise and well-established networks and deep relationships within the following key areas: 


Strategy, M&A and Corporate Development
Corporate strategy & M&A/Corp Development roles in-house as well as well partnering with select prof services firms.

Product and Marketing 
Digital Marketing, Online & eCommerce, Product Management, Product Analysts,  Category Management.

Banking & Financial Services 
Investment Management, Equity Research, Risk & Compliance, Superannuation and Operations/Project Management

Data
Data Science, Analytics and Insights Managers, Robotics and AI.

Finance & Accountancy 
Recruiting Senior Finance Executives to CFO level. VISION - Being a reference research center, education and ethics in studying Accounting Science, Administration, Economics and Finances in Espírito Santo and in the whole country.

Fucape presents the following educational policy:
• A faculty prevailingly consisting of Ph.D. professors, who directly dedicated themselves to research activities;
• Emphasis on researches seeking effective solutions for problems experienced by companies;
• Agreements wit several large and medium-sized companies;
• Professors and course coordinators available to the student for extra-class assistance;
• Insertion of professors’ and students’ scientific publications in major national and international events and periodicals;
• Library with a strictly up-to-date collection, being including on of the few institutions in Brazil to subscribe JStor, a fundamental international data research sources;
• Accounting Interface with other business area courses: Administration, Economics and Law;
• Implementation of the Global Accountant curriculum. Go beyond predictive lead scoring.

SalesPredict helps B2B companies increase revenues by identifying who their best prospects and accounts *really* are and providing insights that help marketing & sales teams target inbound and outbound efforts more effectively to improve conversion rates and accelerate sales cycles. 

How? Predictive analytics + your CRM and marketing automation system data + signals from the web and many outside data sources.

We believe that rather than relying on best guesses or incomplete, outdated lead scoring and funnel models, your marketing and sales teams should be armed with predictive lead scoring and buying signal insights based on sophisticated data science so they can segment and target effectively, uncover which leads are most likely to convert, and have the info they need to close sales quickly. Unlike black box predictive solutions, SalesPredict shows you WHY certain leads and accounts are more likely to convert  than others.

With SalesPredict you can:

  - Increase your qualified lead pipeline 2x-3x
  - Double your conversion rate
  - Accelerate your sales cycle by 30%
  - Increase sales team productivity by 40%

SalesPredict is available on the Salesforce.com AppExchange, Oracle Cloud Marketplace, and Marketo LaunchPoint. Learn more at http://www.salespredict.com. Health IQ believes in improving the health of the world by celebrating the health conscious with social and financial rewards. We are an innovative insurance startup using science and big data to negotiate special rates on insurance for the Health Conscious.

We've secured more than $3.5 billion in life insurance coverage for Health Conscious groups such as cyclists, runners, weightlifters, high intensity interval training athletes, tennis players and swimmers, vegans, vegetarians, avid fitness enthusiasts and dedicated athletes. We are a licensed life insurance agent in all 50 states. 

Our team is composed of health conscious people who overcame their own health challenges with healthier habits, routine exercise and better nutrition. 

Join the health conscious movement, we're growing fast and hiring in all areas: https://www.healthiq.com/careers 100th Year in 2018! Established since 1918, the University of Eastern Philippines (UEP) is the "First State University in the Visayas"​ - central of the three main regions of the Philippines. UEP produces top placers for various national professional licensure examinations and is a recipient of national awards and recognition for its faculty and students. 

UEP is the most comprehensive and the biggest state university in the entire Eastern Visayas region, with three campuses (UEP Main - Catarman, UEP Lao-ang and UEP Catubig). With 87 course programs, UEP offers the largest number of undergraduate and graduate degree programs in the region.

PARTNERSHIPS:
- Japan-UEP Regional Technology and Productivity Center
- UNICEF funded dyNS 102.9 FM media station
- Australian Center for International Agricultural Research (ACIAR)
- Southeast Asian Fisheries Development Center (SEAFDEC)
- The University of the Philippines - UP Open University
- Eastern Visayas Regional Science Teaching Center (RSTC), Department of Science and Technology (DOST)
- DOST / DepEd - University of the Philippines National Institute for Science and Mathematics Education Development (UP NISMED)
- Affiliated Renewable Energy Center (AREC), Department of Energy's (DOE)
- Information Technology-Electronic Data and Internet Centre
- Agro-Industrial Research and Fabrication Center
- Balik Scientist Program (BSP), University of the Philippines-Marine Science Institute (UP-MSI) and DOST
- Child Labor Knowledge Sharing System (CLKSS), in support of the Philippine Program Against Child Labor
- ...and more.

FACULTIES:
- Graduate School
- College of Agriculture, Fisheries and Natural Resources
- College of Arts and Communication
- College of Business Administration
- College of Education
- College of Engineering
- College of Law
- College of Nursing and Allied Health Sciences
- College of Science
- College of Veterinary Medicine
- Institute of Land and Water Resources Management
- School of Criminology
- UEP Laboratory High School (Science Stream)
- UEP Laboratory High School (SEDP Stream)
- UEP ADFC High School (UEP - Asian Development Foundation College)
- UEP Laboratory Elementary School
- UEP Early Childhood Education Centre Our data and expertise underpins New Zealand’s economy and the wellbeing of our communities. It enables government, businesses and communities to make a whole range of decisions that make a powerful difference to people’s lives.

We’re specialists in geographic information – the data that tells people where things are in the world, on land or under the sea. Our property survey and title system, on which all New Zealand land ownership and development is based, is world leading. We’re also experts at managing land and property for New Zealand.

Our challenge is to get more people using more of our data when making vital decisions about NZ’s future– whether that’s rebuilding a city, planning for sea level rise or managing our iconic high country.

Our values are Bold, Expert and Stronger Together. That’s the way we work to bring our BEST to New Zealand’s success.
We need people who are bold, unafraid to learn, try new things and get results. We need people who are passionate about connecting their expertise and knowledge with others. We believe we make more difference when we work with others and support each other.

Our people join us from many backgrounds. We support and back them to build careers and expertise in a whole range of fields, many of which are unique to LINZ – from geospatial science, hydrography and topography to property law, valuation and surveying; from data analytics to iwi relations, public land management, policy and corporate. Yandex Data Factory provides AI solutions that improve operational efficiency of industrial companies.

Yandex Data Factory solutions deliver directly measurable results, such as increased productivity, cost reduction, and improved energy efficiency. Tailored to work with the manufacturer’s existing and often imperfect data, they serve companies in the process industries, including metals, oil & gas, chemicals, and others. Our AI-enhanced models make accurate predictions, real-time recommendations, and automated decisions for the most important, complex and costly industrial processes. Yandex Data Factory’s solutions are easy to implement and do not require capital investments or major process changes.

Yandex Data Factory builds upon a unique blend of proprietary machine-learning technologies and the data science expertise of its parent company, Yandex, one of the largest internet businesses in Europe and Russia's leading search engine. Founded in 2014, Yandex Data Factory is headquartered in Amsterdam and operates worldwide. Keen IO is an event data platform and API used by more than 3,000 customers to capture, enrich, analyze, and embed custom event data at a truly massive scale. Keen IO is a core platform to customers in a variety of industries, including media, e-commerce, adTech, gaming, IoT and retail. The company’s cloud analytics API queries trillions of events daily, with operational performance required by high-growth startups to large enterprises. 

Some things that are really important to us: honesty & empathy, introspection, distributed innovation, continuous learning, the importance of laughter & relationships, playing to your strengths, and patching your weaknesses with diverse collaborators.

ps. We're hiring! keen.io/careers Materials Design, Inc. is the leader in computational materials engineering on atomic scale. Our solutions successfully serve the needs of leading industrial, academic and research customers across diverse industrial applications such as semiconductors, chemicals, oil & gas, materials for automotive, aerospace, power generation and many more.

Using our MedeA® high performance modeling environment, you will complement and focus your experiments and traditional materials models to gain a deeper understanding of your materials, to rapidly assess a broad range of properties, and to efficiently evaluate improvement scenarios. 

MedeA® brings together an integrated suite of model building, simulation and analysis tools, including the best computational methods (VASP, LAMMPS, Gaussian, Gibbs, MOPAC) as well as extensive databases of forcefields and other material data. It is designed to boost your productivity and make the most effective use of computing resources– and your time.

Materials Design, Inc. offers further solutions such as MedeA® instrument hardware, and engagement with our world-class scientific team for cutting-edge research challenges. GreyCampus transforms careers through skills and certification training. We are a leading provider of training for working professionals in the areas of Project Management, Big Data, Data Science, Service Management and Quality Management. We offer live-online (instructor-led online), classroom (instructor-led classroom) and e-learning (online self-learning ) courses. Our growing suite of accredited courses is constantly upgraded to address the career enhancement goals of working professionals. Objectifi is a leader in strategic marketing consulting for Personalization, Analytics and Content Management. Our proven methodology and experienced professionals effectively implement the right solution that encompass best-of-breed technology from leading providers.

Our passion in Decision Science is evident in every aspect of our organization. We love data, collecting it, analyzing it, studying it for patterns, and unlocking the clues found within it. We embrace the change in the way that YOU communicate with your customers.

The most successful organizations in the world are harnessing their Big Data, our job is to help the find the best way how. We value data and the insight that it provides to improving our clients relationships with their clients. Our decade long focus in this area has led us to leading solutions that help our clients achieve and sustain success.

www.objectifi.com Born out of printing, Sandy Alexander has evolved into a multi-platform, multi-channel marketing communications company.  As marketing communication specialists, we generate exceptional campaign integration and impact with global brand consistency. We leverage our communication-centric resources in the studio, print, in direct marketing solutions, and in develop retail visual merchandising campaigns.

Using the following four guiding principles, we have built lasting relationships with our clients: 

•  One Source: We pride ourselves on providing a single contact point for all development, production, fulfillment and delivery, essentially handling any project from start-to-finish.

•  Color Science: Our world-class color scientist is able to go beyond the G7 certification, printing across all substrates and platforms while continually providing color consistency in every project.

•  Marketing Technology: By providing advanced marketing technologies, we utilize data driven marketing and marketing automation strategies to reach multi-channel marketing solutions that yield record-breaking response rates.

•  Sustainable Intelligence: Leading and inspiring our industry in sustainable practices, we run on 100% wind power energy and have been ISO 14001 and Sustainable Green Printer (SGP) certified, as well as tri-certified for chain-of-custody sustainable paper (FSC, SFI, PEFC). For nearly a century, since 1905, the ESME Sudria has been training engineers in the fields of Electrical Engineering, Electronics, Telecommunications, and Computer Engineering.

The curriculum of the school has evolved significantly over the years: it covers the full range of technologies from electrical power to the management of complex systems and intelligent networks.

ESME Sudria was founded in 1905 by Joachim Sudria. 
The school has been certified by the State since 1922 and is authorized by the "Commission des Titres de l'Ingénieur"​ (CTI) to award its diploma on behalf of the State. 

The ESME-Sudria engineering diploma is a Masters Degree signed by the French Education Ministry. The school is a member of the "Conférence des Grandes Ecoles"​ and of the "Union des Grandes Ecoles Indépendantes"​. Elder Research is a recognized industry leader in the science, practice, and technology of advanced analytics with vast experience in data transformation and model construction. Founded in 1995 by Dr. John Elder, Elder Research has helped government agencies and Fortune Global 500® companies solve real-world problems in diverse industry segments.

Our goal is to transform data, domain knowledge, and algorithmic innovations into world-class analytic solutions. When we combine the business domain expertise of our clients with our deep understanding of advanced analytics, we create a team that can extract actionable value from the data.

Our areas of expertise include data science, text mining, data visualization, scientific software engineering, and technical teaching. Experience with diverse projects and algorithms, advanced validation techniques, and innovative model combination methods (ensembles) enables Elder Research to maximize project success for a continued return on analytics investment.

Elder Research’s Analytics Services are designed to scale based on the unique requirements of each organization and can maximize the client’s return on analytic investment. Elder Research is also a leader in advanced analytic training and offers a variety of training services directed at each of the key stakeholders within an organization. Training builds a common foundation and vision for analytics across business units and lead to the successful adoption, deployment, and maintenance of analytic models within an organization. At Flexsource, we deliver world-class talent management and recruitment services across a variety of light industrial sectors. All of our clients face different business challenges, so we create unique solutions to help them meet their objectives.

We can help design, build and manage entire resourcing operations, up-skill your staff force or plug the gaps in your in-house model. We can also build out large or small-scale contingency Managed Service Programmes to ensure compliance, minimise risk and drive out massive cost savings across your non-permanent workforce.

We firmly believe that talent management is a science, not an art. The data we create can identify improvement opportunities, spot inefficiencies, and measure churn. So, wherever we can, we build data management into our processes. It all adds up to a flexible, tailor-made talent management service that you can count on for better returns and ultimately helps you achieve your business objectives.

Flexsource is part of Cpl Group, delivering recruitment and talent management services internationally to transform businesses in to higher performing organizations. Sentient Science, a trusted third party to operators, provides material science and data science-based life prediction and life extension actions for major systems and critical components in the wind energy, aerospace and transportation markets. Sentient's DigitalClone Software helps equipment owners/operators and their suppliers reduce costs by a goal of 13% of revenues. The forward visibility that comes from material science-based digitalization creates new opportunities to extend asset life and increase profitability. The Operator network receives long, mid-term and short-term life predictions of each wind turbine in the fleet. Life extension actions are provided for each asset on the "3-D" watch list to prevent unplanned maintenance events, optimize supply chains and reduce insurance costs on healthy assets. Suppliers use DigitalClone Live to digitalize their offerings so operators can Buy on Life and price. The software helps OEMs understand opportunities in the marketplace. Sentient's "Content Factory" product is used to design new products and create an e-catalogue of offerings to reduce sales cycles and improve supply chain efficiencies. Sentient Science has competitively won more than $30 million in SBIR and STTR grants from the U.S. Government. The technology was validated by NASA in 2010 and has since been recognized by the White House in 2014 with the Tibbetts Award,  Bloomberg New Energy Finance with the Pioneers Award in 2016, and Frost & Sullivan in 2017 with the New Product Innovations Award for Wind Prognostics. The Agriculture and Horticulture Development Board (AHDB) is a statutory levy board. We are funded by farmers, growers and others in the supply chain through statutory levies. 

Our purpose is to make our agriculture and horticulture industries more competitive and sustainable through factual, evidence-based advice, information and activity:

•   We manage extensive research and development programmes which are delivering scientifically robust and commercially useful outcomes for our levy payers
•   We undertake efficient farm-level knowledge transfer programmes based on evidence, both from third party science and our own R&D, aimed at improving efficiency, productivity and sustainability 
•   We provide unbiased, high quality market information that helps business decision making and improves supply chain transparency 
•   We carry out export market development work and also domestic marketing activity to inspire and inform consumers in order to assist the economic viability of sectors which require this 
•   We raise awareness of food and where it comes from among school children and we help ensure the agriculture and horticulture industries are able to develop and attract workers with the skills they need
•   We also ensure that proper account is taken of Government priorities for agriculture and the agri-food industry, where appropriate. Value Edge Research is a global business research, market intelligence, market research and sales analytics company providing support and outsourcing solutions to global bio-pharma companies. We are known for the high quality of our deliverables driven by a highly talented and experienced team from blue chip life science companies and life science solution providers.  

The firm's custom research and analytics and proprietary research reports and databases to global life science clients are highly cost effective. Value Edge is headquartered in India and the US office is located in the Greater Boston Area.

For more information on Value Edge and its services please refer to www.valuedge.com RedOwl mitigates the insider threat for information security and regulatory surveillance teams. Unlike traditional tools, our behavioral analytics platform integrates structured and unstructured data sources to provide holistic visibility of risk across the enterprise. Backed by the Blackstone Group, Allegis Capital, and Conversion Capital, RedOwl is headquartered in Baltimore with offices in New York, San Francisco, and London. NextBio is the provider of an innovative platform that enables life science researchers to search, discover, and share knowledge locked within public and proprietary data. NextBio's platform seamlessly combines powerful tools with unique correlated content to transform information into knowledge, providing the foundation for new scientific discoveries. NextBio helps organizations increase productivity and dramatically improve collaboration across therapeutic groups and geographic boundaries. NextBio is delivered as a SaaS (Software as a Service) solution resulting in quick deployment and rapid return on investment. RISE SICS is a research organization in the most expansive industrial sector this century: The Information Industry. Society is shifting towards an economy based on information as the resource and SICS is in the midst of this revolution, boosting the competitive strength of Swedish industry and the quality and efficiency of Sweden’s public sector. 

SICS carries out advanced and focused research in strategic areas of computer science, in close collaboration with Swedish and international industry and academia. The research is based on cutting-edge new technology and has a time horizon stretching beyond the companies’ own R&D efforts.

SICS is a non-profit research organization with approximately 200 researchers. The main office is situated in Kista outside Stockholm with smaller offices in Västerås, Lund, Norrköping, Linköping, and Luleå.
SICS is part of the research group RISE (www.ri.se) 

Follow us on Twitter: @RISE_SICS OrderGroove helps retailers and brands make themselves indispensable to their customers’ lives by anticipating their needs (with data science) and being there to frictionlessly capture the Order, Reorder or Subscription at any and every channel — online, retail stores, mobile, SMS, Facebook, Voice, IoT and whatever comes next. We call this movement from episodic transactions to ongoing customer relationships Relationship Commerce. Our Relationship Commerce Cloud is coupled with deep data science and a team of marketing and merchandising experts that drive an increase in purchase frequency and annual spend for brands and retailers including Walmart, Nestle, PetSmart, Vitamin Shoppe, illy, L’Oreal and hundreds of others.  Foresight Factory works with some of the world's leading companies to help them 'Own the Future'​.

Globally headquartered in London, with offices in New York, Singapore and Stockholm we are masters of prediction, constantly scouring the globe to pick apart behavior, spotting trends and disruption before they happen.

Our customizable digital platform, FFonline marries data science with editorial creativity. We give our 200+ clients access to predictive insights from 50,000 consumer voices and a 300- strong global Trendspotter network spanning 28 markets.

We also work with clients on a consultancy basis, undertaking custom projects to help answer complex questions and stay ahead. Our training and proprietary events programs are recognized as industry leading and can be booked by both individuals and companies.

To sign-up for a free trial of FFonline, or find out more about how we can help your business, please visit www.foresightfactory.co.
 "Nothing we do is more important than hiring and developing people. At the end of the day, you bet on people not on strategies"​.

Exellys is specialized in attracting and integrating strong IT talent for large and medium-sized companies and for major Tech start-ups in Belgium. We bridge the gap between the academic and business world by creating the ‘ideal incubator'​ for young IT professionals.

We go all the way to achieve a major win/win for our talents and clients. Everything starts with the review of the candidate’s potential, ambitions and personality. In order then to achieve a 100% match with the strategic projects of our clients, taking into account the specific needs and the company culture. 

On the one hand we offer our talents the Exellys Start Smart program. This is a unique and intensive coaching and training program so that they create a highly accelerated career start and successful integration into the business world. They feel that their talents are fully addressed and that their potential is fully developed up. This makes for a great motivation and job satisfaction as well.

On the other hand we guarantee our clients the necessary inflow, the accelerated integration and retention of IT top talent. We advise and help them to best align their organisation with the expectations and needs of   'Generation-Y'​. 

As experts in Talent Acquisition and Talent Management, we enable our clients to stay focused on their core business. In one word: ‘We build bridges’.
 
When we give the best of ourselves, join forces and work together, the sky is the limit! Fast. Flexible. Staffing Reinvented. Wonolo provides a B2B marketplace that allows businesses to find vetted talent immediately.

Wonolo removes the friction for companies to find talent for on-demand hourly or daily job needs, while creating freedom through flexibility for job seekers. 

Wonolo is currently available in SF, LA, Chicago, and NYC and expanding. We are looking to fill engineering, sales, marketing, customer success, community management, support, data science, and of course, Wonoloer positions. Columbia Technology Ventures is the technology transfer office for Columbia University and a central location for many of the technology development initiatives, entrepreneurial activities, external industry collaborations, and commercially-oriented multidisciplinary technology innovations across the university.  CTV’s core mission is to facilitate the transfer of inventions from academic research labs to the market for the benefit of society on a local, national, and global basis. Each year, CTV manages more than 350 invention disclosures, 100 license deals, and 20+ new IP-backed start-ups, involving over 750 inventors across Columbia's campuses. CTV currently has over 1200 patent assets available for licensing, across research fields such as bio, IT, clean tech, devices, big data, nanotechnology, materials science, and more.

Columbia Technology Ventures has a particular focus on start-up companies. Over the years, CTV has been involved with launching over 200 companies based on Columbia's technologies. Of these companies, over 40 have received VC funding, with 27 successful acquisitions or IPOs to date. 

For more information, please visit www.techventures.columbia.edu. Fenchurch Associates are a recruitment agency for permanent and contract resources across the UK and Europe. To date, Insurance recruitment is our core business and we’re proud to say, our customers believe we’re good at it. Fenchurch Associates has actively chosen to focus in Insurance. We’ve immersed ourselves in this market and are now an integral part of this business community.

We tailor our services to meet our clients preferred approach based on our consultative solutions and experiences.

The areas that we recruit in across the UK & Europe:

•	Actuarial e.g. Life & Non-Life (Re)Insurance
•	Catastrophe Risk & Exposure e.g. Analyst, Senior Analyst and Head of Catastrophe Risk
•	Data Analytics e.g. Data Scientist, Data Analytics Manager
•	Cyber Security & Technology Risk e.g. Penetration tester, Technology Risk Manager
•	IT & Technology e.g. Java Developer, Full Stack Developer
•	Risk, Compliance & Governance e.g. GDPR Consultant, Risk Analyst Academy Award®-winning Vicon specialize in developing accessible motion capture technology that delivers the most precise, reliable data in any movement analysis application. It serves customers in the life science, Engineering and VFX industries. 

We have revolutionized the motion capture industry for 30 years, consistently pushing the boundaries of what is possible. We’ve won an Academy-Award, an Emmy and several Queen’s Awards for Export & Innovation to name a few, but that’s not what drives us – it’s the needs of our customers in over 70 countries around the world and the amazing work they do with our technology.

Everyone at Vicon, from our CEO to our in-house production team, works together to achieve one common goal – to develop precision tracking solutions that inspire your creativity. We strive to do this by:

Listening – if you have an idea, need to work a little differently or something has just been bugging you, we want to hear about it.

Telling the truth – we won't make claims we can't back up. If you ask us a question about our systems, we will always answer honestly.

Continuing to innovate – when you buy a Vicon system you become part of a community that has been constantly innovating for almost 30 years.

Learning from experience – you don't operate in an industry for three decades without learning a thing or two along the way. Being part of the Vicon community gives you access to not only our experience, but the experience of our users who have been with us since the very beginning.

Being flexible – Need to capture a specific movement but not sure how? Have limited space or budget? If you have a unique application or research project in mind, Vicon can work with you to find the perfect solution. Just ask. - www.AnalyticSearch.com - 500+ Openings in Technology, Data Science and Analytics  

Places Senior Technology and Data professionals nationwide with a focus on Software Engineering, Big Data, Analytics, Business Intelligence/Data Warehousing, Cloud Computing, DevOps, and Security.

Preferred Member of the Top Echelon Network, a professional group of over 600 partner firms, providing access to thousands of positions and candidates nationwide. Affiperf, the programmatic pure player of Havas Group, combines the best of technology-driven machine learning with data-savvy human expertise to offer mass personalization solutions at scale.  With over 180 traders, experts in business analysis, data science, engineering and media, Affiperf fuels growth for advertisers in over 49 countries. Being a Technology & Solution Consulting company, we co-build technology products to help companies accelerate growth. We achieve this by leveraging our technical, process and domain expertise and access to the best price-for-value Eastern European engineers. Over 100 US-based and 200 worldwide businesses have chosen us as their Technology Consulting Partner.

Our services:

Engineering services
           ∙ Software Product Development
           ∙ Team Extension

Data Science
           ∙ Machine Learning
           ∙ Predictive Analytics

UX/UI Consulting
           ∙ UX Design
           ∙ Conversion Rate Optimization

Technology Consulting
          ∙ Enterprise Architecture
          ∙ Performance Improvements
          ∙ Cloud Services


Domain expertise: 
    ∙ Finance 
    ∙ Health Care
    ∙ eCommerce & Retail
    ∙ Travel
    ∙ Media & Entertainment
    ∙ Marketing
    ∙ Aviation & Transportation


Technology expertise:

    ∙ Microsoft.NET 
    ∙ LAMP 
    ∙ HTML, CSS, UI JavaScript
    ∙ Cross-Platform and Native Mobile 
    ∙ Java 
    ∙ R, Python 
    ∙ Cloud Technologies 
    ∙ Full Stack JavaScript Hyperakt is an independent New York City design firm with a passion for creating work that effects change in the world around us. Our clients are organizations that address the most important social issues of our time and innovative businesses that empower people through social entrepreneurship.

Hyperakt has created brand identities, websites, printed communications and data visualizations for clients like Google, UNICEF, United Nations, Ford Foundation, Acumen Fund, Thomson Reuters Foundation, U.S. Federal Government, GOOD Magazine, The New York Times, Popular Science, NAACP, ACLU, Adobe, Focus Features, Nikon, and Penguin Books, among others.

The Harvard Business Review recently wrote: "By having a bigger purpose, it just might be that Hyperakt's building a 21st century design studio: the crucible of big, world-changing ideas."​

Visit Hyperakt.com to view our portfolio and learn more. FlightGlobal, incorporating FlightStats, provides data services and applications to customers serving the global travel industry. The company has established a leadership position as a provider of real-time global flight information, servicing airlines, airports, travel agencies, developers, consumers, and more. Domio is a technology company that seamlessly blends the consistency, programming, and lifestyle of a global hotel brand into the vibrancy of the alternative lodging space. 

Our mission is to delight our guests, one interaction at a time. 

We provide upscale short-term rental properties in NYC, Boston, Nashville, New Orleans, San Diego, Austin, and Hawaii with more cities on the way.

We came together from across the hospitality, real estate, and tech industries, to create an elevated travel experience that inspires exploration without sacrificing comfort. 

Domio was born specifically for next-gen travelers to drive innovation, exploration, and discovery.  dataScience specialises in information asset management and the creation of business value from those information assets. In particular, we help align information management strategies, and application and data portfolios to the strategic information needs of key stakeholders. I. Geological Studies & Services
o  Complete Petrophysical Studies
o  Petrophysical interpretation
o  Construction of well composite log
o  Well Log & Maps digitization
o  Dipmeter digitization & interpretation
 
II. Geophysical Studies & Services
o  2D and 3D Seismic Interpretation
o  Seismic Trace Digitizing 
o  Special Post Stack Filtering 
o  Magnetic tape transcription System
o  Magnetic tape storage system
 
III. Production Data Management & Software:
Data Science has developed “OGPower” which is a key process dealing with data management for all process fluids (Produced / Injected / Emissions / discharged to sea or river / Sales) and providing Reliable Production Information.

IV. International Companies Representative:
o  Corex
o  TGT
o  Dana Energy Today's businesses have access to much more data than they did just a few years ago but it has become harder to extract knowledge from that data. Existing data warehousing and business intelligence solutions must adapt quickly to new sources and formats of data as well as to increasing volumes of data and more sophisticated user demands.

dataScience will work with you to connect your business intelligence and analytics strategies to deliver decision support solutions aligned with the needs of the business. Data in Science Technologies (DST) makes sense of the world’s data for analytics and modeling in government, healthcare and research organizations. We provide services and design solutions that empower informed decision-making, delivering a positive impact to your mission’s success. Through our custom solutions, we help solve common data management struggles in High Performance Computing (HPC) and Big Data. With chain-of custody and search across multiple data sources, our solutions lead to better analytics, efficiency and protection against data loss or misplacement.

Our Products Include:

HPC: Managed & Assessment Solutions

BIG DATA: Rapid Analytic Platform

CATALOGING & ANALYTICS: DataLogger The Data Science Council of America (DASCA) is an independent, third–party, international credentialing organization for Big Data professionals. 

DASCA credentialing programs for aspiring and working big data professionals are fleshed on the world's first vendor–neutral standards – the five–pronged DASCA Essential Knowledge Framework (EKF™). The EKF™ enunciates for both big data professionals and recruiters alike, a universal and standardized model of Essential Knowledge Prerequisites, which DASCA concludes as critical for big data professionals to possess if they desire to excel consistently in their jobs and establish themselves in the league of world's finest big data professionals.

To know more, please visit https://www.DASCA.org Data Science Central LLC (www.datasciencecentral.com) is a niche digital publishing and media company operating the leading and fast growing Internet community for data science, machine learning, deep learning, big data, predictive and business analytics practitioners. The Data Science Institute at Columbia University is training the next generation of data scientists and developing innovative technology to serve society. http://datascience.columbia.edu/ Data Science Dojo is an education startup dedicated to enabling professionals to extract actionable insights from data. Our 5-day, intensive bootcamps and corporate trainings consist of hands-on labs, critical thinking sessions and a data engineering “hack day.” Graduates deploy predictive models and evaluate the effectiveness of different machine learning algorithms. 

Through these bootcamps, we are building a community of mentors, students and professionals committed to unleashing the potential of data science.

Connect with us on our social channels:
Website: http://datasciencedojo.com/
Twitter: twitter.com/DataScienceDojo
Facebook: facebook.com/datasciencedojo
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/user/DataScienceDojo
Google+: plus.google.com/+Datasciencedojo Data Science Retreat is the only data science program in with chief-data-scientist-level mentors. DSR helps people with coding experience and quantitative training to ramp-up rapidly for a data science career. Data science and machine learning is arguably the fastest-growing profession. Demand is relentless. Our program enables graduates to build portfolio products and move to leading roles with impact on the company, product, and customers. We are the European community of datascientists.

Our mission is to educate, inspire, empower scholars and professionals to apply big data sciences to address humanity’s grand challenges.


The Brussels Data Science Community, is the European voice for data scientists with a conscience. 
If you have a desire to stay at the forefront of technological innovation & positive social change, join us.
We use data in the service of humanity, we run hackethons, we are open and ready to help.

We are the nicest community of Data Scientists in the world. 
Our members are looking for opportunities to contribute with their professional skills to make a positive impact in the world.

It's a venue for sharing, discussing, showcasing and developing ideas for how data sciences should be used. 

We want to:

•  be a knowledge hub for data scientists, we are open to everybody. 
• Share knowledge - work on practical business cases - learn from others - have fun are some of our driving forces.

Our GOAL: 

"Our ultimate goal is to make the difference by applying our science and knowledge on social challenges."

We are looking forward to meeting you soon !
The Brussels Data Science Community
@datasciencebe Data Science Society aim is to accelerate ethical and open innovation by promoting better collaboration between science, education and business.

How we are doing it. It is with get inspired & motivated people, socializing with like-minded fans, learn from each other, better confidence and informed decision making. Finally recognition of Data Science. 

What we are doing. 
Events- own events (meetups, talks, webinars) and 3rd party events (speakers at conferences, etc), Datathons, 
 workshops, online platform for better collaboration on projects, exchange of know-how, Education development in that area (certificates, programs) and collaborating on different projects.

If you are interested register on our web platform. The Data Science Institute or DSI , an initiative by Usha martin Group, a billion dollar global conglomerate, is a data science advisory company. Created by the best minds in data science, DSI has on board global data science practitioners and alumni from reputed universities like the Carnegie Mellon University, University of Pennsylvania, John Hopkins University, MIT to name a few, aiming to bridge the demand and supply gap in the Data Science domain. The Data Science Foundation is a professional body representing the interests of people working in the data science and advanced analytics sector. Its membership consists of practitioners and suppliers who offer a range of analytical and technical services, companies with an interest in the commercial advantages gained through the analysis of big data, universities who are developing our understanding of data science and their associates, the next generation of data scientists. The foundation aims to raise the profile of data science in the UK, to educate business people about the benefits of knowledge-based decision making and to encourage firms to make optimal use of their data.

The official launch of the Data Science Foundation took place on 1st September 2016. Organizations and individuals who join the Data Science Foundation before 1st September 2017 will be able to refer to themselves as ‘Founder Members’ and will be given special status within the organization.

To register your interest in becoming a member of the Data Science Foundation visit the Join Us page on datascience.foundation. Select a membership type on the form from the options and add your contact details. You will be sent an email containing a link to activate your account. Membership for Individual, Associate Members and University Administrators is free of charge. The costs associated with Corporate and Supplier membership are shown on the Membership Fees page. 

Which type of membership to choose?
INDIVIDUAL: Data scientists, computer programmers, mathematicians, statisticians, related disciplines, students studying for a relevant qualification
ASSOCIATE: People working with data scientists and data science agencies, those interested in learning more about data science
CORPORATE: Companies using data science to generate insight
SUPPLIER: Companies providing data science and related services
UNIVERSITY ADMINISTRATORS: Data Science and related course leaders or university representatives  We are an independent and non-profit organization with objective to create Data Driven Culture in Indonesia.

Data Science Indonesia was established in May 2015 to champion data-driven technology in the spirit of public-private partnership as well as to engage both technical and non-technical audience to practice the culture. We never say data science is a one-person work hence our network personas ranging from data scientist, web developer, lecturer, to media analyst that embody the process as a team-effort.

WE ARE ACTUALLY A MIX OF THINGS. 

But data is the one thing we have in common. We believe that data should be the foundation to push and drive impactful actions that can change or shape our life.

DSI strives to be the national center of excellence in data science, we look forward to bringing the enthusiasm in data science to grow and evolve among Indonesians in particular. Pushing further on the possibilities of implementing data science approaches in Indonesia, we expect the same submersion in commercial, civic, humanitarian sector, and more. We seek challenging projects, offbeat collaborations, advanced research to continually broaden and improve all parts of our knowledge in data science.

To open these opportunities, we believe that our actions and interactions should be explorative, encouraging, and engaging. An online community for showcasing R & Python tutorials. It operates as a networking platform for data scientists to promote their talent and get hired. Our mission is to empower data scientists by bridging the gap between talent and opportunity. Science to Data Science (S2DS) takes analytical PhD's and MSc's and turns them into Data Science rock stars!

Run by Pivigo the Data Science Hub, we aim to facilitate and support PhD's and MSc's transition from academia to industry. The S2DS programme provides participants with experience solving real-life data problems, providing them with the commercial skills needed in business.

Our S2DS programme runs for five weeks and is available at our London campus as well as online, via our Virtual campus. Across both programmes there are three important elements; theoretical learning, practical learning and professional development.

Benefits and Features
	* Largest Data Science boot camp in Europe
	* Five-week programme, at our London campus or online via our Virtual campus
	* Take on real-world Data Science problems, developed with one of our partner companies
	* Work with large multinationals, charities, SME's, and exciting start-ups 
	* Gain practical experience with Data Science technologies in a commercial environment  

 
We welcome students across the globe who want to get into Data Science to work in teams and expand their network and knowledge. With programmes running throughout the year be sure to be kept up to date by signing up to our newsletter for course dates, company updates and events.  

The next Virtual course takes place in March 2017 with the deadline for all applicants 20th December 2017. 

The next London course takes place in July and August 2017. Applications are due to open soon. 

For further details please visit our website:http://www.s2ds.org/ For 25 years, Data Science Automation®  (DSA) has been a premier automation systems integrator, leveraging commercial off-the-shelf tools in the design and implementation of custom-engineered, complete, and highly-adaptive solutions in laboratory automation, embedded/new product development, manufacturing and test automation. 

The company provides an extensive array of automation engineering, programming, consulting & training services to dramatically improve research, manufacturing, government & business operations.  DSA is fast and methodical, staffed with exceptional, multi-disciplinary, NI Certified professionals that consistently apply CSIA-certified best practices to deliver the lowest total cost of ownership in the following areas:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Measurement & Automation
Quality Control & Automated Test
Process & Industrial Automation
Data Acquisition & Instrumentation
Vision Systems & Motion Control

Mechatronics & Machines
Simulation & Modeling
Automated Assembly & Inspection
Pick-N-Place & Robotics
Material Handling & Packaging

Enterprise & Integration
Data Management & Reporting
Web-Enabled Solutions
Legacy System Conversions
System Integration

Consulting & Training
Project Coaching & Management
Planning & Startup Assistance
Lean & Adaptive Automation
Certified Training & Validation Data Science Game is a French association run by volunteer data scientists and students, supported by Paris-Saclay University. Each year, we organize an international data science competition for students.

For any question,  don't hesitate to send a mail to: contact@datasciencegame.com, we will reply as soon as possible.

Follow us !

Twitter : @datasciencegame #DSG16 
Facebook : /Datasciencegame
Google+ DataScienceGame DSG Established in 2011, Intellipaat is a leading provider of the most sought after training certifications worldwide. We create top-notch academic and professional online courses for Beginners as well as Experienced professionals. There are two modes of training - Instructor-led Online Training and Self-Paced e-Learning that are available as Intellipaat offerings. Headquartered in Bangalore, we also have our offices in Jaipur, US and UK. Our vision is to build a platform where people all over the globe can learn multiple skills as per market demands. With a rapidly growing community of 600,000+ satisfied Learners from 30+ countries who have undertaken 150+ courses in niche technologies, Intellipaat also has a strong relationship with 80+ esteemed Corporate Clients like Cisco, Wipro, TCS, Ericsson, Genpact, Saint-Gobain and others. Our target is to scale up to $10 million in revenue by 2019 through our sharp focus on quality content development.

Intellipaat stands out for providing high quality, cost-effective training. Some of our highlights:
• 70% of extensive learning includes Hands-on exercises, Project Work, Assignments and Quizzes. 
• The training courses prepare learners for Professional Certification Exams. 
• Availability of Skilled Trainers who have a minimum 15 years of relevant Industry Experience 
• Provision of 24*7 Lifetime Support with Speedy Problem Resolution  
• Lifetime Access to Videos, Tutorials and Course Materials
• Expert Guidance for Resume Preparation and Job Assistance 
• Widely-accepted Course Completion Certificate from Intellipaat

We are pioneers in training professionals in Big Data, Data Science, Business Intelligence, Salesforce, Cloud Computing and Digital Marketing. Keeping pace with customers’ needs and expectations, we focus on constantly improving our courses and stay up-to-date with current technologies. We are a data analytics and process-engineering firm that turns customer satisfaction into a science and demonstrates staggering ROI.

Our solutions delivery team puts solutions in place that provide incremental enhancements, adding up to significant savings. We specialize in helping companies facing growing competition and high customer turnover. 

We Help Our Clients:
 
Maximize employee productivity – We reduced a major client’s average time to install by half a day, providing $900,000 in annual savings.

Reduce service calls – We helped one client reduce monthly truck rolls by 13,000, saving the company $2 million dollars.

Create happier customers – We increased customer satisfaction for a major client, reducing lost revenue by 0.4% and providing $4.4 million in annual savings.

Demonstrate staggering ROI – Our clients typically see more than 120% ROI in the first year. Since 1977 we have offered business innovative application solutions and reliable IT infrastructure, according to the new technologies development.
A group of computer science advisers with a wide knowledge of business issues has evolved into a professional team to ensure an established method of project management.
From this team we have grown further, up to support the execution of business strategy with three dedicated business units: to help our customers to create competitive advantages based on innovation and IT best practices

TRAVEL MANAGEMENT

* Business Travel Arrangement
* Expenses management
* Card import management
* Fleet management

ENTERPRISE MANAGEMENT

* Extended ERP
* Business intelligence & Analytics
* Controlling
* CRM
* Big Data & Data Mining
* Collaboration

INNOVATION

* IT infrastructure consultancy
and design
* Systems and Virtualization
* Computer security (End Point security, perimeter security)
* Disaster Recovery & Business Continuity
* Outsourcing & Cloud Founded in 1977, CSP is a leading company in ICT consultancy, design and development of application software. CSP counts among its customers leading companies in insurance, banking, industrial and public administration fields. 
The main competences of the company refer to Java and Microsoft technologies, Mobile applications, Enterprise Content Management and EDI projects, Business Intelligence products.
With over 500 employees and twelve branches (Torino, Milano, Padova, Trieste, Pescara, Roma, Terni, Sansepolcro, Napoli, Londra, Sofia, Rende) CSP is committed to achieving important goals in terms of staff and in terms of skills and economic results, looking also at the European market opportunities.

In 2014 born CSP Labs Ltd, a new headquarter focused on the proposal of innovative IT services and higly specialized area of Business Intelligence.
Csp Labs today focused on the platform support SAS Visual Alalytics, a dashboard for viewing of structured business data, but in the future may open up other areas of specialization and innovative high-rate.

For a consulting company people are the most important resource.
CSP S.p.A. research graduates in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics and Physics, characterized by enthusiasm, initiative, ability to work in teams and interest in new technologies.
CSP offers an educational experience through full time internship programs  to undergraduates or young graduates and also many different opportunities for more experienced profiles. 
For more information on CSP Group and to submit your application, visit our website www.cspnet.it.

For direct contact with the Recruiting Team, follow this link: http://cspnet.it/en/lavora-con-noi/ Metabiota  is  a  pioneer  in  comprehensive  risk  analytics  that  improve  the world’s  resilience  to  epidemics. 

Built  on  a  strong  foundation  of  epidemiology  and  international  field  science, including  a  worldwide  network  of  on-the ground  experts,  Metabiota  delivers  actionable,  data-driven  insights  that  help  countries,
governments,  and  corporations  manage  and mitigate  infectious  diseases.  With  a  strategic  global  presence  and  sustained partnerships,  Metabiota’s  agile  approach  is  helping  the  world track  and  transfer  the  risk  associated  with  epidemic  threats. 

The  company’s  international  footprint  includes  operations  in  20  countries and  offices in San Francisco,  Washington, China, Canada, and Sierra  Leone. Longview makes enterprise software that drives competitive advantages for Finance and Tax teams.  Hundreds of thousands of business leaders from Global 2000 companies, operating in more than 150 countries, leverage Longview daily to make strategic and immediate business decisions with confidence.

Our software drives speed, accuracy and productivity while delivering critical insights from vast and disparate data points. Longview elevates planning, budgeting, forecasting, tax reporting, analytics and financial close from data collection and validation to strategic business processes.  Delivered out of box, advantages are realized quickly. 

With the recent merger of Longview and Tidemark the art and science of corporate planning came together. Longview’s 25+ years of corporate planning domain knowledge with Tidemark’s state of the art cloud-based platform deliver the most robust and innovative corporate planning solutions in the market place.

Longview and Tidemark customers from around the globe unite.  They attest to Longview continuing to deliver and now with increased innovation and creativity delivering the platform of the future,  powered by experience.

Longview’s 25+ years of domain knowledge and experience, combined with our state of the art on-premise and cloud-based platform, deliver the most robust and innovative performance management solution in the market place.

Longview is a global company headquartered in Toronto, Canada with offices around the world.

If you are a Longview user, join our LinkedIn Group!  http://www.linkedin.com/groups?gid=1071857 Remember how we all had one low-expectation definition of a thermostat, until there was Nest? Or how driving directions meant crumpled papers in the glovebox — traffic or bust — until Google Maps changed everything? That’s what Collective[i] does for the Sales process: reimagines it to the point of re-definition.

We know it’s not just technology but great people, properly equipped, who innovate, advance business and make deals happen. So we combined the world's first always-learning enterprise network with applications that are ready to use, data backed and uniquely built on predictive analyses. The result: Teams and individuals get unmatched and science-backed analyses, forecasts and insights, exactly when they need them.

We're looking for people who want to bring their big ideas and best, unfiltered selves to work every day. People who can amplify our culture and exceed every expectation, goal and odd set before them. To view our open roles, click the link to our site below and check out Join Us. Modern Analytics specializes in finding the best business solutions for our clients through advanced analytics. We apply advanced statistical science to your data to help identify the most viable directions in which your business can grow. 

Our customizable modeling platform allows you to find answers for your organization quicker, more accurately, and with less reliance on expensive human resources than any other predictive analytics company in the world.

Our proven solutions ensure that you are not only driving your company in the right direction but also looking at every opportunity to improve your business processes, operations, and the speed at which your organization can operate at its peak performance. 

Modern Analytics has developed Model Factory, the world’s first completely automated predictive analytics platform that enables you to optimize your strategies. Backed by the highest performance machine learning and mathematical analytics, Model Factory has solved problems and guided companies in numerous industries for more than a decade.

Learn more at modernanalytics.com! Founded in 2005, Karmic Lifesciences  is an ISO 9001:2008, ISO 27001:2005 certified and ICH-GCP compliant, full-service Contract Research Organization headquartered in India with global execution capabilities in the US, Europe and APAC.
Karmic has a 7 year successful track record of executing 100+ Clinical Trials and 80+ Clinical Data Management & Bio-Statistics Projects (Phase I to IV) besides supporting Study Design, Medical & Scientific Writing for over 100 protocols across broad-based therapeutic areas including Oncology, Cardiovascular, Diabetes, Neurology, Auto-Immune Diseases, Ophthalmology, Medical Devices etc.
Our Key differentiators include deep Oncology Expertise & Domain Focus, having handled over 15 high complexity Oncology Phase II & III programs and with strong expertise in Cardiovascular, Diabetes and Neurology. There is a huge leverage of Science through use of Novel Bio-Markers, Esoteric Diagnostic Tests, and other Medical & Scientific inputs, and IT through in-house innovations such as kTrialsTM eClinical Suite. There is creative engagement with unique co-development & licensing models.
To know more, visit us at www.karmiclifesciences.com Vicomtech is an applied research centre specialising in Advanced Interaction technologies, Computer Vision, Data Analytics, Computer Graphics and Language Technologies.

It belongs to Graphicsmedia.net, a strategic alliance of international applied research centres working in computer graphics and multimedia technologies.

Vicomtech aims to respond to the innovation requirements of companies and institutions. To do this, it

 Conducts applied research and develops multimedia visual interaction and communications technologies.
 Complements and closely collaborates with industry, universities and other technology centres.
 Promotes mobility and training for its researchers.

This command of knowledge and technologies, either directly or through the network, provides value to clients, as Vicomtech

 Suitably responds to its clients’ needs.
 Enables companies to make the most of the opportunities available to them.
 Proposes product improvement or developments based on state-of- the-art science and technology knowledge.

Vicomtech achieved the HR Excellence in Research recognition of the European Commission, which proves its compromise with open, transparent and merit-based recruitment of researchers (OTM-R: Open, Transparent and Merit-based recruitment of Researchers).

 This acknowledgement adds up to ISO9001_2015 and UNE166002:2014, which means another step forward towards international excellency in advanced management in R&D&I, an aspect of the DNA of the centre since the beginning.

All its activities are covered by the innovation management system - continuous improvement and measurement of results, technology innovation process optimisation and knowledge transfer and generation - ensuring it uses the highest quality methods. Visit our website to Reserve your Spot for our upcoming webinar.

Your key business objectives cannot be achieved without the focused and synchronized work of your team members. RoundPegg unleashes your organization’s true business potential using culture science to galvanize your workforce.

Culture science is quantifying how things really get done within each organization's unique culture. By aggregating the personal values of everyone in a company, RoundPegg is able to provide data-driven culture insights that inform strategy, while delivering customized tactics to hire, develop and engage employees in ways that are consistent with each organization’s culture.

By understanding what motivates your workforce, the RoundPegg software platform is able to help you accomplish your goals - whether they be driving innovation, boosting revenue, increasing engagement, changing culture or retaining your top performers. Bluefin Labs is a social TV analytics company providing solutions to brand advertisers, advertising agencies and TV networks. Bluefin Labs’ technology and professional services enable clients to tap into data at scale that links people’s social media commentary to the shows and commercials they watch on TV. Grounded in 15 years of cognitive science and machine learning research at the MIT Media Lab, Bluefin Labs was founded in 2008 and has offices in Cambridge, MA and New York, NY. For more about Bluefin Labs, visit www.bluefinlabs.com. Hive Media Group is revolutionizing content creation and distribution. Taking a scientific technological approach to every step in the value chain, we uncover underserved content niches, rapidly create content and analytically engage relevant audiences. ADVANCED, established in 2002.

ADVANCED Marketing and Intelligence works with individuals focused on spreading the word about a technology and/or product and their individual brand as well as their companies brand.

Algorithmic Quantitative Trading - AI - Artificial Intelligence - Augmented Reality - AR - Big Data - Bitcoin - Blockchain - Business Intelligence - Cloud Computing - Cryptocurrency - Cyber Security - Data Science - Deep Learning - Drones - Education Technologies - eSports - FinTech - Health Tech - Internet of Things - IoT - Machines Learning - Marketing - Mobile Tech - Real Estate - RegTech - Robotics - Smart Homes - Solar - Virtual Reality - VR - Voice Technology

The ADVANCED name is a brand that is recognized throughout the financial and technology industry.  We are now ONE and include:
advancedbonds.com  l  advancedcharting.com  l  advancedcharts.com  l  advancedcommodities.com  l  advancedforex.com  l  advancedfunds.com  l  advancedfutures.com  l  advancedoptions.com  l  advancedstocks.com  I  localtechnologies.com I localtechnology.com  I  TechnologiesChangingTheWorld.com 
 I  webAF.com

©2018 All Rights Reserved. Hekima, a technology company that seeks to transform organizations and the society through Big Data and Artificial Intelligence. Hekima provides solutions to complex challenges, by combining machine learning techniques and human knowledge, and has assisted more than 100 decision makers on several industries. At KNIME®, we build software for fast, easy and intuitive access to advanced data science, helping organizations drive innovation.

Our KNIME Analytics Platform is the leading open solution for data-driven innovation, designed for discovering the potential hidden in data, mining for fresh insights, or predicting new futures. Organizations can take their collaboration, productivity and performance to the next level with a robust range of commercial extensions to our open source platform.

For over a decade, a thriving community of data scientists in over 60 countries has been working with our platform on every kind of data​: from numbers to images, molecules to humans, signals to complex networks, and simple statistics to big data analytics.

KNIME’s headquarters are based in Zurich, with additional offices in Konstanz, Berlin, and Austin. We’re open for innovation®, so visit us at www.KNIME.com.
 The Instituto Tecnológico de Castilla y León (ITCL)  is a private non-profit organization which aims to contribute to the economic and social development of the region, supporting, promoting and facilitating the use of technology as a tool for competitiveness of the business network from a commitment to integration in the system of science-technology - company-society.
ITCL is a technology centre integrated into the network of technological centres for the development of R&D&I projects, being an influential technological centre at national levels in the field of production and development of R&D technologies. Its fundamental values are orientation to the customer, innovative character, technological reviews, efficiency and effectiveness, contribution of value to the customer. ITCL has a regular and growing presence in projects with national and international companies, with an intense and effective cooperative relationship with the other technology centers, universities and scientific institutions, and an ongoing commitment to the principles of excellence and continuous improvement and, most importantly, the will to continue to contribute to the generation of knowledge to provide better services to businesses and organizations.

 InfomatiX is an agile analytics thought leader and strategic BI consultant professional services firm that ignites innovation in Business Intelligence by partnering to turn Big data into enterprise knowledge. Since 2002, Infomatix has been working with Fortune 500 companies to realize compelling value through transforming data into actionable insights and unleashing new opportunities in Business Intelligence.

Mission

Our goal is to leverage agile analytic capabilities of global organizations to turn big data into augmented business value and lasting competitive advantage.

To reach this we have built our skillset in the most important areas:
- BI Consultancy
- Agile Enterprise Analytics and Visualization Consultancy
- Predictive Analytics and Data Science
- Automation and Optimization
- Big Data Technology and Development
- Insight-to-Action Collaboration

Using:
- Real-time business process automation and monitoring
- Big Data processing and analytics – Hadoop, Teradata
- Unstructured data discovery and contextualization
- Business applications and dashboards
- Mobile & Map based analytics

InfomatiX empowers organizations with the  end-to-end analytics solutions and provides advanced analytics and data visualization for fact-based decisions, using best of class BI tools.

Being the most dynamically growing BI consultant in Europe, we are using e-recruitment for expanding our Talent Pool of BI professionals. Check our career page and join us on HireVue with a guarantied advantage during the recruitment process.

Contacts
InfomatiX USA, Minneapolis
info@infomatix.net

Website	http://www.infomatix.net Rinalytics is a specialized executive search and executive research firm focused on Analytics and Risk Management leadership talent hiring. The team at Rinalytics brings forth a combination of industry-specific expertise and an unrivalled reputation for delivery on key positions. Proven Track Record, Experience and Thought Leadership in constantly delivering quality outcomes by aligning business processes with people practices.

Founded by veterans in the search business, with deep subject matter expertise and reach leveraged through industry leaders as its board members. Rinalytics is head-quartered in Bangalore, India’s Silicon Valley. AID Add Intelligence to Data is a data agency specialised in consulting, services and software. We are experts in Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Textmining, Big Data, CRM, Data Quality and Marketing Science. Our nugget : we have developed datakili®, a customer Journey analytics software for marketers, which gives you a full understanding of your all omni-channel activity and put your prospects and customers on the right journey.

Our AID Academy trains our customers to become data savvy. We are based in Paris, Lille, Lyon and Rennes.

Our clients give us a 8,9/10 score. We work for Société Générale, Crédit Mutuel Arkea, Oney Bank, BNP Paribas, EDF, MAIF, SNCF, SFR, Bouygues Télécom, Accor, Auchan, Système U, Simply Market, E. Leclerc, Fnac-Darty, Galeries Lafayette, Intermarché, Truffaut, Mobivia Groupe, Leroy Merlin, Politico, Puy du Fou …

We run the Bloctel public French do-not-call list with 3 partners for the French Ministry of Economic and Financial Affairs.

We're hiring! Please visit our website to have a look at our job openings: http://www.aid.fr/carriere/

 Inscopix is pioneering a new paradigm in the quest to understand the brain and its diseases. Combining revolutionary technology and methods for the imaging of large-scale neural activity in a naturally behaving subject, Inscopix has developed the enabling means to relate causal neural circuit dynamics to corresponding behavior. With its nVista and nVoke products, Inscopix is today disseminating these capabilities to neuroscientists across the world, empowering them to gather unprecedented data and to make new scientific discoveries. With strategic collaborators and partners, Inscopix is at the same time developing in vivo neuropsychiatric disease assays and stands on the brink of making fundamental breakthroughs on treatments for brain diseases such as autism and schizophrenia.  

Inscopix has a rock star team, is advised by academic and industry luminaries, and is backed by leading institutional investors. To learn more about Inscopix visit: www.inscopix.com 2CV is a global consumer research agency with offices in the UK, USA, and Asia. We are dedicated to delivering innovative research. We understand that companies and brands need a fresh approach to insights. We believe that research shouldn’t be about adding information, it needs to be about reducing the noise and breaking through the clutter. That’s why 2CV offers Breakthrough Simplicity through fully integrated thinking and techniques. From deep ethnographic immersion to advanced analytics, we do the heavy lifting; editing, contextualizing, humanizing and storytelling. In short, we sort the details so that you can concentrate on the bigger picture. Online and Classroom Training in Business Analysis Certification CBAP CCBA IIBA EEP, Big Data Analytics & Apache Hadoop, Agile, Project Management, PMP, Internet of Things, Cloud Computing, Data Science, Digital Marketing, Marketing Campaign Management, UX and User Interface Designers and Developers Training and Security / cybersecurity professionals.

We are helping professionals from most of the fortune 500 companies present in India. In the last 5 years, we helped more than 5000 professionals and helped many organizations to achieve accelerated growth.
Our exceptional track record and innovative approach make us one of most liked Training Partners, from Individuals to MNCs. We are associated and approved by the Global bodies like IIBA®- Canada, PMI®, TUV®-Germany,  IREB® - Germany and ITIL® - UK, this is a unique achievement for any Indian Company. 

Training Location: Pune, Mumbai Delhi NCR, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Adelaide, London, Singapore, Hong Kong, kuala lumpur, Dubai, Sharjah, Abu Dhabi, Colombo, New Jersey, Seattle, Baltimore Washington D. C., Boston, Sacramento, Los Angeles, Denver, San Diego, St. Louis, Houston, Austin, Philadelphia, Kansas City, Toronto and Portland, Jakarta (Jabodetabek), Yokohama, Manila (Metro Manila), Seoul –Gyeonggi–Incheon (Sudogwon), Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou–Foshan (Guangfo), São Paulo, Mexico City (Valley of Mexico), Dhaka, Greater Cairo, Bangkok, Buenos Aires, Tehran, Istanbul, Lagos, Shenzhen, Rio de Janeiro, Tianjin, Lima, Chengdu, Nagoya, Ho Chi Minh City (Saigon), Johannesburg – East Rand, Dongguan, Wuhan, Taipei, Hangzhou, Ahmedabad, Bandung, Riyadh, Surabaya, Ankara, Kuwait City, Cape Town, Jeddah, Tel Aviv, İzmir and Durban Commerce Sciences revolutionizes the online customer experience by automatically engaging with each consumer to reduce psychological concerns & increase motivation, resulting in significant improvement of on-site experience and conversion. Our technology connects proven behavioral science methodologies with machine-learning algorithms based on a data-set of 50M consumers (across e-commerce, financial services, travel, SaaS and more).

Commerce Sciences was named by both Wired Magazine and Business Insider as one of “Hottest Startups” and by eBay/Magento as one of the Top-5 Solutions for online marketers.

Backed by Genesis Partners, Google chairman Eric Schmidt's Innovation Endeavors fund, T5 Capital (owners of Mall Of America), Joe Lonsdale (founder of Palantir, Addepar), Auren Hoffman (founder of LiveRamp), and additional value-add angel investors.

Learn more: http://commercesciences.com

Relevant coverage:
- http://allthingsd.com/20130319/what-you-can-learn-about-online-shoppers-by-watching-them/
- Commerce Sciences elected as one of 2012 hottest startups by Wired Magazine
- http://pandodaily.com/2012/10/30/predicting-irrational-shoppers-commerce-sciences-applies-behavioral-economics-to-ecommerce/
- http://techcrunch.com/2012/07/02/commerce-sciences-seed/ We are a cutting-edge consulting firm specializing in Technology Solutions.  We are dedicated to helping customers effectively execute, manage and support their Technical project or product to success.   Direct clientele includes IT System Integrators, IT Engineering, Product Engineering in Aerospace, Automotive, Manufacturing Execution Systems, Healthcare/Life Science, Finance, Insurance Etc. 

VUI delivers IT Staffing for FTE hires, staff augmentation for contract or contract to hire, and Project Solutions for Full Lifecycle engagements. Our IT Solutions and Services Teams are led by our Senior Leadership Team members. VUI’s goal or task with every client is to give real honest opinions and have constant client engagement with all team members.  We are proactive and we cater our Project Plans to ensure our clients are aware of potential upcoming issues..  We will give you honest feedback no matter if its good or bad. We are consistently delivering full life cycle solutions in all different industries around the globe and currently are engaged with 20+ Integrator companies as a vendor.  Although we have been effective in a wide breadth of environments and technologies VUI Consulting has honed in on providing Professional Services in a few key areas.  - Manufacturing Execution Systems -Healthcare Life Sciences - Digital Transformation - Cybersecurity,-Enterprise Application engineering and - Business Consulting Services    We are looking to drive business development through good work and ethics.These are most prolific areas of technology being innovated and at VUI we thrive when working with bleeding edge technology:  With exciting expansion of the Professional Services group we are thrilled to say we are building VUI into a powerhouse of placements that delivers a storm of Solutions!!  <script src="//platform.linkedin.com/in.js" type="text/javascript"> lang: en_US</script>
<script type="IN/FollowCompany" data-id="837188" data-counter="top"></script> That’s Nice is a full-service agency providing research-driven brand management and marketing that enable businesses to achieve their goals. Our integrated services reflect years of knowledge in life science and materials science markets, a passion for strategic thinking, and a comprehensive approach that meets the needs of global companies.

OUR BRANDS 

Nice Insight offers products and services focused on a variety of marketing intelligence needs. You can access data from the largest annual industry survey on various purchasing parameters, or have research studies custom designed and executed as another way to support your specific strategic needs.  www.NiceInsight.com. 

Nice Gift brings you the most desirable, memorable giveaways and trade show premiums available – selected and personalized specifically to make customers and prospects remember your brand. We search the globe for the finest products that are often not available elsewhere. www.NiceGift.com 

Nice Exhibit is the dedicated event division of That's Nice. Trade shows and space design have been a core service since our very beginning, which means we bring unparalleled experience in creating a complete booth experience that your prospects will remember and respond to, and that exceeds your goals. www.ThatsNice.com/NiceExhibit Technology changes the world constantly, and unsurprisingly, the world of technology changes constantly too. The creative application of technology can be the difference between success and failure. This calls for a new breed of technology professionals: dynamic problem solvers who blend creativity and logic with delivery.

We use creative thinking and problem solving to engage the best.

Our Areas of Impact:

Technology Leadership Practice.

Technology leaders assume the role of innovation champions. They are responsible for developing strategy, fostering creativity, ensuring results and delivering ever-increasing value. We understand the impact the right leader can have in achieving a vision. Our Technology Leadership Practice identifies and secures those inspiring leaders who will continue to push the technology agenda.

Development & Architecture Practice.

Every organisation has different objectives, technology stacks and data-driven problems to solve. There is also a cultural shift in collaboration, where companies are looking to break down the barriers between IT intersects. But with change, the core competencies of a good engineer remain constant.
Whether it is working on the next generation low latency trading platform, or taking a conceptual idea through to the build of a unicorn, we secure the technologists who thrive in fast-paced, technologically innovative environments.

Quantitative Research & Data Analytics Practice.

We are focused on the impact that quantitative research and data science has in helping businesses innovate, stay ahead of the curve, and achieve competitive advantage.
Whether defining trading strategies, forecasting, or spotting patterns using AI approaches, this practice understands the nuances and identifies the best people. We’re a specialist data and analytics recruitment agency based north of Manchester. Established in 2001, we work with clients throughout the UK, Europe and Australia.

Our expertise covers credit risk management, marketing analytics & optimisation, data science, web analytics, data management and statistical analysis. Square Root was founded on the principle that data should empower businesses to make smarter decisions and improve operations. We’re a company of Austin-based problem solvers who think and work outside of the box. We leverage data science and agile development to deliver intelligent, cloud-based software platforms and applications.  Since 2006, we’ve been delivering solutions to some of the biggest players in the automotive and retail sectors. We are committed to moving our business customers forward, faster. 

Our culture is at the core of everything we do. We hold ourselves accountable to these values in everything we do: 

Think big. Do bigger.
We think that big ideas are meant to be pursued. We’re critical thinkers with a bias for action and an appetite for impact. We continually iterate to deliver smarter direction and better software.

Be customer-inspired.
The details inspire us to provide relevant and attainable innovation. We take the time to understand the inner workings of our customers so that we can do what’s best, not just what’s asked. 

Partner.
We operate with a partnership mindset, because we know we’re only as strong as our relationships. We go above and beyond to help our customers and one another succeed. 

Thrive.
We revere personal drive, growth, and balance. It’s everyone’s responsibility to make our working environment motivating and fulfilling. We celebrate individual and team successes. And, sometimes, we just celebrate. ADDTEC is an Australian based company with the mission to “improve the quality of human's life”.

We Add Technology to the projects of life science. Our professional teams apply edge of knowledge and provide advance services to the clients in the fields of:
      - Health 
      - Medical science
      - Agriculture 
       - Food 
at different steps from basic research to industrial production to help them getting better results based on the latest scientific achievements. Recombine is a clinical genetic testing company that facilitates informed medical decisions for patients and providers through innovative products and collaborative research. Our products are built on cutting-edge technologies, and our company is driven by experts in diverse fields who share a vision of a world where the power of personalized genomics is fully harnessed. Recombine’s affordable tests and in-depth genetic counseling services deliver valuable insights to thousands of patients worldwide through our robust network of respected physicians. We leverage the power of big data to achieve new perspectives on the science and delivery of genetics in the realm of fertility and beyond. We are strongly committed to being your partner in genomics as we pursue innovative genetic approaches to improving health outcomes. CodiLime is a Big Data Science and Machine Learning company established in Poland and the United States by the brightest minds among European and global experts in computer science and maths. The company has grown rapidly since it was established in 2011.

Our success is driven by an outstanding team of winners. We are proud that all of our software engineers and data scientists’ academic credentials include the world’s most renowned technical universities (University of Oxford, Carnegie Mellon University, New York University, University of Warsaw, etc.). We believe that experience is the best teacher, therefore, most of our talented team members have also gained an invaluable professional track record in Silicon Valley working for leading global IT companies such as Google, Facebook or Microsoft; as well as global investment banks such as Goldman Sachs, Bank of America Merrill Lynch and UBS – a versatile combination that enables CodiLime to achieve virtually any technical and business objective.

In terms of human capital, we focus on bringing together excellent talents who demonstrate a competitive spirit, love challenges, and have proven themselves in various international programming contests (incl. among others ACM ICPC, Google Code Jam, TopCoder, Facebook Hacker Cup, International Olympiad in Informatics).

Please visit: 
http://codilime.com
http://deepsense.ai At TERA, we conduct our work at the intersection of science and health policy. Chemicals are an important part of our daily lives. Some chemicals are essential to a healthy life, but under certain circumstances some chemicals may also present risk to our health. TERA studies the way our bodies interact with the chemicals around us.  TERA was organized in 1995 with a mission to support the protection of public health through the best use of toxicity data. We accomplish this mission through independent evaluation of toxicity data and by interpreting and communicating risk assessment information through documents, databases and websites, organizing peer reviews and consultations, improving risk methods through research, and educating risk managers, assessors, and the public on risk assessment issues. 

We strive to support the protection of public health by providing risk managers, legislators, and ordinary citizens with the toxicology information they need to make important decisions about the chemicals in our lives.

Information about TERA and on many of TERA’s projects is available on our website: http://www.tera.org. Saagie aims at bridging the gap between traditional IT and data science teams.
We help large organisations to re-invent their business with agillity by leveraging Big Data and Artificial Intelligence (AI).

Saagie is the perfect toolbox that includes the latest open-source technologies:
extract and refine data, build & run AI based applications, all in the most compliant and safe structure.
As a fully managed platform, Saagie is massively used in the Bank & Insurance industry.

It helps to dramatically reduce implementation time for big data projects and relieves companies from costly and critical administration processes .
As a result, they can focus on building solutions that really matter to their business, like churn reduction and fraud detection, in order to gain competitive edge.

Saagie - Data Intelligence for everyone Columbia Tech provides engineering design, manufacturing, global fulfillment and aftermarket services to innovation leaders in the life-science, pharmaceutical, bio-discovery, alternative energy, semiconductor, power management, LED, medical device, data storage, defense, homeland security and digital and molecular imaging industries. The Big Data Institute (TBDI) is a private held organization for all about Insights from Internet of Things, Cognitive Computing, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data Analytics, Data Science, Advanced Data Visualization for executives and professionals worldwide. Evaluate is the trusted provider of commercial intelligence including product sales and consensus forecasts to 2022 for commercial teams and their advisors within the global life science industry. 

We help our clients make high value decisions through superior quality, timely, must-have data, insights, combined with personalised, expert client support. 

Our online subscription services cover the pharmaceutical, biotech and medtech sectors. Our Custom Services group delivers project based analytical and data services. 

Vantage, our independent, award-winning editorial team, offers data-driven, forward-looking news, commentary and analysis on a daily basis. 

For more information visit www.evaluate.com. On Twitter: @Evaluatepharma, @EPVantage

Evaluate Ltd has its global headquarters in London, England.  In North America, EvaluatePharma is represented by EvaluatePharma USA, Inc., based in Boston, MA.

EvaluatePharma USA Inc.
60 State Street, Suite 1910
Boston, MA 02109
USA We want to Make The Complex Simple.
SuperDataScience is an online educational platform for current and future Data Scientists from all around the world.  We believe learning such an immensely valuable topic requires a dynamic, deep and fun approach, available to anyone willing to learn.

We strive to create the ideal community and recruiting platform for all Data Scientists. That’s why we gather real-world case studies, weekly podcasts, must-know posts, YouTube videos and created The Data Enthusiasts Dream Library, with over 250 videos and 100 hours of content, so you can learn everything on Data Science, R-Programming, Tableau, Deep Learning and other fantastic topics.  

The best part of all? It’s arms-reach affordable.
Find out more at: www.superdatascience.com 

Take a step towards the career of the future.  DCC Global products and services fall five main categories: Database Management (Individuals & Corporates), Homeland Security, Human Resources Services, finance solutions (credit and risk management), operations solutions (supply chain management) and sales and marketing solutions (Lead generation, social media and third-party information).

Business customers include retailers, insurance firms, healthcare providers, utilities, government agencies, as well as banks, credit unions, personal and specialty finance companies and other financial institutions. DCC sells businesses credit reports, analytics, demographic data, and software. 


Employees of a company or organization using The UIN services receive an account that is set up for them on the website. Current, and presumably, former employees can log on to The UIN at any time. Employees control access to their records by providing a requestor (employer, landlord, or social service agency, for instance) with their social security number and employer's name. 

DCC also helps in maintaining real time data of individuals and corporates along with identity verification, Receivables management, medical records or payments, residential or tenant history, educational verification, credit checks, motor vehicle records, criminal background information, recruiting services, human resource management and fraud & identity theft prevention. 

We continually strengthen our partnerships with communities, first responders, law enforcement and government agencies - at the state, local, tribal, federal and international levels. We are accelerating the deployment of science, technology, and innovation in order to make world more secure. And. we are becoming leaner, smarter, and more efficient, ensuring that every security resource is used as effectively as possible. 

Twitter: @dcc_corp, Email: dcc.global@aol.com / info@dcc-global.co We are the world’s largest pure play Big Data Analytics and Decision Sciences company with a Unicorn status in the US and the only profitable Unicorn in India.

We work with more than 140 of the Fortune 500 through a unique ecosystem that brings together People, Processes, and Platforms. We currently have 3500 Decision Scientists worldwide.

We are honored to have been recognized by Walmart as their Supplier of the Year, and as the preferred analytics partner by Microsoft.

The venture capitalists who were the first investors in Facebook and Google have made their largest investment in the analytics space with us and we continue to add 6-8 new logos every quarter.

What allows us this continued hyper-growth are the 3 principles that govern our everyday. Learning Over Knowing, Extreme Experimentation and Interdisciplinary Perspective. You can learn about these principles in detail on our website
https://www.mu-sigma.com

Our mission is to establish and institutionalize a fundamentally new approach to decision making; one that is better designed for the incredible pace of change that businesses experience today. We call this the New Art of Problem Solving where we aspire to deliver a combination of Art + Science done at Scale. To do this we need to be part design studio, part research lab and part data factory, striving to bring it together as a whole. Data-Techies represents itself as knowledge driven group in field of Data Science, Analytics, Internet of Things, Machine Learning, Big Data, Cloud and other related technologies of Cognitive Sciences and Artificial Intelligence. 

We are committed to provide the Advisory, Consulting, Corporate trainings and Workshops of the latest technologies and skills to the wide range of user communities; including personnel from the top business management to the project managers, engineers and analysts at implementation level. Our tailored offerings are for various organizations into Engineering, Projects, OEMs, Production, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, People management, F&A etc. but not limited to it. These skill up-gradation training and workshops can be generalized or tailored for different departments like Production, Engineering, Marketing, Sales, Logistics, Purchase, Admin, Finance & Accounts etc. accordingly.

Customized advisory, consulting and training cum workshop modules from Data-Techies are starting from the generic awareness programs/workshops to the Industry/application specific detailed training programs. Our purpose is to upgrade the Cognitive Science and Smart Data skills to the industry users to enhance the productivity and intelligence of their business and engineering systems at all tiers.

Data-Techies offers the advisory, customized solutions to various industries like Energy, Cement, Metal, Food, Oil & Gas, Chemical, Textile, Urban Infrastructure, Smart Cities, Intelligent Transportation, Logistics, Public Utilities, Environment etc. but not limited.

For further information of Technical Advisory, Training, Workshops; please feel free to contact us on mailbox@data-techies.com or +91-8860454695
 Launched in 2016, DHL-SMU Analytics Lab is a collaboration between DHL and Singapore Management University. Our mission is to develop and innovate concepts & solutions in consumer and business-centric supply chain management in the form of practical solutions and platforms backed up by academic rigor. We are a Big Data Analytics lab - performing R&D that demonstrates and advances capabilities in Big Data Analytics. Management Science Associates, Inc. is a diversified information management company that for over five decades has given market leaders the competitive edge in data management, advanced analytics and technology. Our research focus and innovative solutions not only transform industrial and institutional practices, they illuminate the range, reach and potential of what we can do to infuse your organization with new energy. Whether within a process, across the enterprise or throughout the supply chain, we help our partners put their data to work in powerful new ways.

Interested in a career with MSA?  Check out our job board:  https://msa.silkroad.com/epostings/ Bristlecone, a Mahindra Group Company is a premier Supply Chain Advisory and Analytics SaaS+ firm focused on enabling Digitally Connected Supply Chains for Hi-Tech, CPG, Retail and Process Industries. Bristlecone has enabled strategic, incremental value for over 300 customers across multiple industry verticals. With our singular focus on addressing procurement, supply chain and analytics challenges, we help clients diagnose, design, enable and enhance their operations by encapsulating years of experience into pre-configured solutions, accelerated deployments and enhancement packs for the leading supply chain technologies. In the supply chain space, Gartner recognizes us as one of the top ten system integrators and rates our planning, sourcing, and procurement practices as the industry’s best. Also, Advanced Market Research (AMR) considers Bristlecone one of the best brands in SAP SCM.

We are part of the USD 19 billion Mahindra Group. Mahindra is a global corporation operating in 20 industries, including automobile, financial services, and information technology in more than 100 countries. Visit us at: www.bcone.com Since 1980 ANALYTIC has been a leader in staffing roles that require analytic talent. Our practice is nationwide and focuses on quantitative positions in Data Science, Consumer and Commercial Risk Management, Marketing Analytics, Quantitative Research, Technology, Market Risk Management, Structured Products, Investment Portfolio Management, High Frequency Trading, Product Control and Valuation, Statistical Analysis, Digital Analytics, Business Intelligence, Operations Research, Supply Chain Management, Decision Sciences and more. 

We work across ALL industries and major business functions with clients that span Fortune 100 corporations to startups. We recruit at all levels from entry level to senior executives. We work closely with our clients and are very deliberate in matching skills, career goals and positions. 

Please visit our website for more information at www.analyticrecruiting.com. 

 Opera Solutions is a global provider of advanced analytics software solutions that address the persistent problem of scaling Big Data analytics. Signal Hub™, the company’s flagship technology platform, extracts and applies insights from the most complex data environments to address multiple business problems and opportunities, accelerating targeted business actions and radically reducing time-to-value.

Opera Solutions serves some of the world’s most respected businesses in the financial services, healthcare, travel, hospitality, retail, and telecommunications industries, as well as key government entities. The Signal Hub platform touches hundreds of millions of consumers across many leading companies, with a specific focus on dramatically increasing revenue from existing customers while introducing new capabilities that drive competitive advantage.  

The key innovation behind Signal Hub is its ability to deliver data science at scale. The end-to-end platform automatically creates Signals, which can be shared, reused, and applied to multiple use cases throughout the enterprise. Machine learning technologies keep the Signals relevant, fresh, and accurate. This approach eliminates redundancies and the need to return to the raw data for each use case, resulting in a significant improvement in productivity. In this way, Signal Hub’s proprietary technology enables enterprises to overcome what has become the primary obstacle to large-scale adoption of advanced analytics: solving the scalability challenge. 

Opera Solutions has offices in North America, Europe, and Asia. For more information, visit www.operasolutions.com. Every day at Hunter International, we connect clients with the best and brightest talent in their industry. We provide leading organizations nationwide with recruiting solutions that ensure an efficient and timely hiring process. In addition, we seek to understand job seekers’ skills and accomplishments, forging a career path that will enable them to reach their professional goals.

Hunter International Recruiting is certified as a women’s business enterprise through the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC), the nation’s largest third party certifier of businesses owned and operated by women in the US.  We recognize the commitment to supplier diversity that is embraced by corporations and government agencies today, and we can add diversity to your supply chain.

Follow us on Twitter: @hirecruiting
Like us on Facebook: Hunter International
Follow us on Instagram: @hunterinternational Anyone who has redeemed a coupon, filled a prescription or returned a product, has touched Inmar. We apply technology and data science to improve outcomes for consumers and those who serve them. As a trusted intermediary for over 35 years, we have unmatched access to billions of consumer and business transactions in real time. Our analytics, platforms and services enable engagement with shoppers and patients, and optimize results. C3 IoT is the leading AI and IoT software platform provider for digital transformation. C3 IoT delivers a comprehensive and proven platform as a service (PaaS) for rapidly developing and operating large-scale AI, predictive analytics, and IoT applications for any enterprise value chain in any industry. At the core of the C3 IoT offering is the revolutionary C3 Type System-an extensible, model-driven architecture that dramatically enhances data scientist and application developer productivity. C3 IoT also offers configurable, high-value SaaS products for predictive maintenance, fraud detection, sensor network health, supply chain optimization, energy management, and customer engagement. Bracket, with nine offices and more than 700 employees worldwide, is a clinical trial technology and specialty services provider dedicated to helping bio-pharmaceutical sponsors and contract research organizations increase the power of their clinical research data by leveraging core competencies in Science, Technology, and Service. Bracket eCOA™ is a flexible platform for electronic clinical outcomes assessments. Bracket RTSM™ is a best-in-breed, scalable and configurable clinical IRT solution for the life sciences industry. Bracket SmartSupplies™ is a proven platform for improving a clinical supply chain. Bracket Rater Training and Quality Assurance improve outcomes through customized training and quality assurance programs. Founded in 2005, Rang Technologies has been a leading diversity firm specializing in comprehensive staffing augmentation services and technology solutions.
 
Our staffing experts consistently deliver talented professionals to the workforce, keeping quality, responsiveness and cost in mind. Our expertise in IT, Healthcare, Engineering, Pharmaceuticals, Retail, Government and Manufacturing industries allow us to work closely with hiring managers to not only ensure that all their hiring initiatives are fulfilled, but that we also have a long-term strategic recruiting partnership.

Our technology solutions experts help our customers make better data-driven strategies in Business Analytics, Campaign and Marketing Analytics, Financial Analytics, Predictive Analytics, Risk Modeling, Risk and Compliance Model Validation, Fraud Analytics (Fraud Detection and Fraud Prevention), Anti Money-Laundering (AML) and Know Your Customer (KYC) Analytics, Clinical Data Analytics, CDISC SDTM and ADaM, Biostatistics, Healthcare Analytics, Web and Digital Analytics, Media Analytics, Insurance Analytics, Retail Analytics, Logistics Analytics, Inventory Analytics, Supply Chain Analytics, Customer Insights and Analytics, Manufacturing Analytics, Warranty Analytics, Energy and Utility Analytics, Automobile Analytics, Agriculture Analytics, Visual Analytics, Machine Learning, Text Analytics, Business Intelligence, Big Data, Business Analysis, The Internet of Things (IoT), Data Security, Artificial Intelligence, CRM, and SAS Grid Administration.

Our goal is to meet expectations of excellence – those of our customers, our employees, our candidates, and those of our community. Our corporate culture is one of integrity and loyalty. These core values are evident in all that we do. We are committed to ensuring that your experience with our technology and recruitment specialists will be a positive one. Entercoms empowers corporations to extract real value from their service and supply chain. Leveraging advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, the Entercoms platform and proprietary technology deliver the ability to maximize revenue and drive greater control over business outcomes while minimizing risk. As a digital technology and services company, Entercoms achieves true transformation of the entire service chain through business-driven IP, analytical models, domain expertise, operations support services and cross-industry best practices. By integrating data and decision-making across parts planning, support channels, customers and the installed base, the impact to business outcomes exceeds the sum of individual tools and functions.

Entercoms has its roots in Data Science starting back in 2008 when we introduced our proprietary solutions and unique engagement model which has enabled global leaders to achieve visibility and control over the key levers of their service operation. Our customers become more predictive and proactive and their services are more agile and better suited to the needs of their customer. This is the expected outcome in attaining true service chain transformation.

Entercoms transforms service chains through our unique mix of IP technology, non-disruptive engagement model, outcome and performance-based managed services, and rapid time to value. This has earned Entercoms the distinction of being listed as one of Gartner’s Cool Vendors in Supply Chain Services, 2016. We have also achieved “Winner’s Circle” membership in the HfS Blueprint Report for our innovation-driven business while our industry leadership and vision have earned us the recognition of the Ernst & Young’s Entrepreneur of the Year Award. Unleashing Your Success

We are an International Specialist Recruitment Company with a proven track record of sourcing and selecting best fit talent. The recruitment services we offer are tailored to our client‘s talent attraction strategy and our candidate‘s career expectations and goals. Our experienced recruitment teams select best fit solutions in order to provide the talent that companies need to give their organisation a competitive advantage.

Industry Experience

Our specialists have hands on industry experience in their respective fields and verticals. We source talent for permanent, interim and temporary contracts, within tight deadlines, across a variety of industries and sectors; Data Science, Digital Marketing, Finance, Engineering and Life Sciences, Insurance & Financial Services, IT, Marketing, Sales, Supply Chain and Operations; including start-ups, SME‘s and global multinationals across all industries. With a global reach and established networks, we have the power to ensure we can help you and your business unleash your success.

Our Niche Approach

Our niche approach is what sets us apart. We are not just another recruitment company that has contracts with every company in town. We do things differently, call us mavericks! We find new and creative ways to source and retain talent. Next Generation is made up of industry experienced consultants who know their respective fields inside out, which ensures that we can provide exactly what our clients and candidates want. Talent acquisition and talent management services are what we excel at and this how we have built up trust and a solid reputation across key sectors.


If you would like to know more about Next Generation, our services and how we can transform your career or your organisation, please contact us.

enquiries@nextgeneration.ie
+353 1 6629120 Bologna Business School (BBS) of the University of Bologna is the largest business school of a public university in Italy, founded in 2000. BBS is member of EFMD, ASFOR and is ranked as a Top Business School by Eduniversal.

We built the identity of BBS through an international interdisciplinary approach. Our community of Alumni, Faculty and Managers, as well and the hundreds of firms and companies constantly involved through the business network, creates a unique environment for new ideas, innovation and professional growth.

There is a new atmosphere in the BBS campus and it is the outcome of the sharing and exchanges between different minds having a common objective: transforming ideas into action. 


GLOBAL MBA (in English)
- Corporate Finance
- Design, Fashion and Luxury Goods
- Food and Wine
- Green Energy and Sustainable Businesses
- Innovation Management / Mechanics & Automation
- Superbikes, Supercars and Motor Sports


FULL-TIME MASTERS (in Italian and English)
- Administration, Finance and Control 
- Business Management / Asian Markets 
- Business Management / Food & Wine 
- Business Management / Latin American Markets 
- Business Management / Made in Italy 
- Business Management / Retail Management 
- Data Science 
- Digital Commerce 
- Human Resources & Organization
- Management 
- Marketing, Communication and New Media 
- Sales and Marketing Management 

EXECUTIVE MASTERS (part-time)
- Executive MBA
- MBA Part-time (weekend)
- MBA Part-time (evening)
- Executive Master in Digital Business (in English)
- Executive Master in Supply Chain & Operations
- Executive Master in Sales & Marketing
- Executive Master in Technology & Innovation Management
- Executive Master in Entrepreneurship
- Master in Digital Marketing for Tourism and Events Management
 

OPEN and CUSTOM PROGRAMS 


40+ PROGRAMS 
600+ STUDENTS EACH YEAR 
300+ FACULTY MEMBERS 
500+ COMPANIES IN OUR NETWORK 
7000+ ALUMNI FROM 80 COUNTRIES Plenty is a new kind of farm for a new kind of world. We’re on a mission to bring fresh, local produce to communities everywhere in a way that’s better for the environment. Our local field-scale indoor farms are creating a healthier, more delicious and sustainable future. 

The world is in dire need of rapid innovation in order to feed the 7+ billion humans on Earth without continuing to destroy it, and Plenty is here to deliver! Our vertical farms use 99% less water than conventional fields, are pesticide-free, and produce zero fertilizer runoff. And since our farms are local, we cut thousands of miles out of the supply chain, reducing tons of emissions.

Fortunately, the most powerful trends occurring in technology today create the opportunity to address agriculture’s biggest challenges. The amalgamation of crop science, artificial intelligence, big data and the rise of the Internet of Things (IoT), coupled with falling energy prices and the availability of increasingly efficient LED lighting create the opportunity to completely overhaul how the world grows produce. 

Plenty’s produce is always seasonal and more flavorful than anything you can find on the market today. We’re creating a healthier, more delicious and more sustainable future for the world. Join us! Prognosys Analytics Inc is a Data & CRM Analytics solution company located in Cambridge MA focused on CRM driven business to automate there customer data supply-chain while working across the integrated solutions covering Data Cleansing, Enrichment, Append & Omni-channel Customer Intelligence platform while leveraging data science. Founded and run by visionary Data Scientist trained at MIT & Harvard, with leadership experience from companies like GE, Target & Oracle among others.

We operate from Boston, Sunnyvale, Singapore & Bangalore, with Enterprise clients which are customer data driven.

Our clients include fortune 500 companies across High Tech, Retail/ E-commerce & Financial.

Please visit us -  www.prognosysd.com for more information. Keyrus is a global data and analytics consulting firm dedicated to helping people and organizations make better data driven decisions. We partner with leading self-service technologies to drive rapid insights and value for our clients. 

In the US our New York office focuses on Data Science, Data Discovery and Data Engineering.  DRG Digital is the life science industry’s partner for data-driven physician, payer and patient engagement.

Our Manhattan Research studies, custom analytics and expert analysts help clients: 
- Prioritize digital investment
- Plan consumer, HCP and payer engagement strategies
- Develop patient-centric solutions that support outcomes
- Drive digital transformation in their organization Part of Marketing NG, Invest in Nottingham is the team responsible for attracting investment to the city of Nottingham and the surrounding county. 

We offer a free, bespoke and confidential service for businesses interested in expanding, developing or relocating into Nottingham. Our approach is a totally client focussed service that can help make a company's move as smooth as possible.  

We provide advice about specific business locations & properties, full and impartial property searches (including both Private and Public sector sites), bespoke economic data relevant to a business or sector, advice on funding solutions, details about workforce skills, familiarisation visits, access to relevant business networks and continuing business support as the company grows and expands.
 
 Follow us at https://lnkd.in/eKVgSY3

Arimo (née Adatao) delivers business-ready Big Apps for enterprises that need deeper, faster insight to critical business questions. We are the first to provide a unified interface that enables business and data science users across the enterprise to collaborate, and together, drive high-quality decisions. Easy to use and deploy, Arimo Data Intelligence Platform runs on existing Hadoop data stores, allowing businesses to begin generating value from big data within minutes.

Our strong team includes executives with deep product and engineering experience. They have held senior positions at Google, Yahoo, Amazon, SAP, Microsoft, and VMware. Team members also hold advanced degrees in computer science and business from leading universities. Arimo is funded by Andreessen Horowitz, Lightspeed Ventures, and Bloomberg Beta. To learn more, visit us at www.arimo.com. HealthScape Advisors is a privately held management consulting firm dedicated to serving clients in the healthcare industry. We provide consulting services as well as analytics and technology solutions to health plans, health systems, specialty health organizations, and healthcare investors throughout the country.  Our consulting services support our clients as they embark on their most important initiatives, helping them to grow, improve performance, and transform their businesses; our solutions harness predictive analytics, data science, and interoperability to help our clients gain a competitive edge in today’s healthcare market, while maintaining compliance with changing regulatory requirements.
 
Clients rely on HealthScape as a strategic advisor; our competitive advantage starts with our people and culture.  We differentiate ourselves through our depth and breadth of experience, blended strategic, technical and execution-focused approach, as well as our unwavering commitment to client satisfaction. Every decision, investment, and endeavor we pursue as a firm today is solely for the success of our healthcare clients.
 Linical Co., Ltd. is a global CRO incepted in 2005. Headquartered in Osaka, Japan, we are dedicated to serve our clients as a true partner. Linical is listed in the prime segment of the Tokyo Stock exchange. With more than 700 employees we directly serve in more than 20 countries in Asia-Pacific including Japan, Europe and North America via our own staff. 
Linical Europe is headquartered in Germany (Frankfurt) with substantial presence in France (Paris) and Spain (Madrid). Our geographic footprint facilitates a significant presence in the leading Western European markets combined with well-established own operations in key markets in Central and Eastern Europe.
•	Linical prides itself of a strong track record in all phases of drug development. Our project approach and processes are tailored to meet the specific needs of your trial. Our Medical Affairs Division features access to several full time medics with broad therapeutic experience.
•	Linical’s Corporate Clinical Data Management and Biostatistics team is based in Madrid, Spain, with an additional team located in Seoul, Korea. Our Data Science Center offers tailored concepts across all key therapeutic areas with particular expertise in early phase I/II studies. Moreover, pivotal Phase 2/3 trials are supported, but also late-phase approaches such as observational studies, post approval studies (PAS) and post authorization safety studies (PASS), to serve global as well as regional and national projects.
We thrive for efficient solutions that are helping our clients. We work as integrated teams functioning with maximum transparency throughout each study, making sure that the client is kept up to date on progress and all study parameters.
Our quality assurance systems supports every aspect of our activities and ensures our deliverables are fully compliant with international and local regulations. MaxMedia is an independently-owned, Experience Design agency. Our work combines empathy, creativity and technology to move people at an emotional level—bonding them to places, ideas and brands. *The science of lending is our passion.*
 
We develop solutions and advanced analytics that help our clients better manage loan portfolios to optimize revenue and profitability. Our unique approach dramatically improves the design, delivery and performance of loan portfolio management programs. 
 
Our core capabilities are:  advanced data management with data security that sets the standard for industry-best practices; predictive analytics that accurately assess the default risk of each borrower in a loan portfolio and learn over time by incorporating borrower behavior; and collections and default prevention programs that optimize portfolio performance. 
 
We specialize in technology solutions and services for: colleges and universities to reduce their cohort default rates (CDR), maintain their Title IV funding eligibility, and improve revenue and enrollment rates; lenders to improve their financial performance on student loan and consumer loan portfolios; and investors with private student loan and other consumer loan portfolio investments to make better-informed decisions on which loan portfolios to purchase, at what price, and how to best manage them to optimize their return. We are iris Concise, a team of pragmatic problem solvers with a passion for insight, data science and enabling stronger, more profitable customer relationships.  We help businesses understand their customers and grow more profitably.  Built on the strength and depth of our expertise, our goal is always the same, to give our clients straight talking, precise advice – the antidote to a standard consultancy.
 
Iris Concise is the strategy and consulting arm of iris Worldwide, the creative innovation network.  Since November 2014, iris Worldwide has been part of Cheil Worldwide and iris Concise supports the group in delivering extraordinary creative, strategy and analytics across many global integrated accounts, from our offices in London, Amsterdam, Sydney, Shanghai, Singapore, New York and Atlanta. Carnegie Mellon University is an American, internationally renowned research university with campuses in Pittsburgh, Washington DC and Silicon Valley California, Doha, Qatar and Adelaide, Australia. The university consistently ranks in the top 50 universities worldwide. 

Carnegie Mellon University in Australia is a truly global university campus, with students, faculty and staff representing more than 25 countries throughout the Asia-Pacific, USA, Europe, Latin America, Africa and the Middle East, creating wide-reaching networks of contemporaries, global experts and alumni. 

Carnegie Mellon University in Australia offers two internationally-ranked masters degree programs:

Master of Science in Information Technology (MSIT) ranked #1 by the benchmark U.S News & World Report 

Master of Science in Public Policy and Management (MSPPM) ranked #4 by the benchmark U.S News & World Report. 

The university also offers an Advanced Education Program (AEP) which provide elite, practical and relevant professional development for executives and busy professionals, without the commitment of full-time or part-time study. The AEP features highly qualified experts from Australia and overseas who specialise in information technology, public policy and management of these fields. 3D Results® provides consulting services for SAP SuccessFactors and IBM Kenexa cloud HCM suites. Our Process on Purpose® methodology ensures a successful implementation, while optimizing business processes and aligning systems with organizational talent strategy. Our experienced professionals offer thought leadership, a consultative style, and a focus on data science. We deliver Results. The Freshwater Trust is a group of bold problem solvers designing and implementing data-driven solutions that protect and restore America’s freshwater. 

What we do:
Using science, technology, policy and finance, we build and manage solutions that improve water quality and quantity. With data and 21st century tools and technologies, we enable smarter watershed management to happen faster and at a greater scale. We also employ our solutions on the ground, such as riparian restoration, for the benefit of both watersheds and the plants, animals and people that rely on them.

Why we do what we do:
Rivers are the backbone of our country. Yet decades of treating a finite resource as infinite has had severe consequences. More than 2.3 billion people worldwide live in river basins that are under stress, and half the rivers and streams in America are unhealthy and not functioning as they should. There are deadly algae blooms and lead-contaminated drinking water, taps running dry, and critical industries and wildlife at risk. This is not sustainable. We must restore our waterways faster than we degrade them.

How we do what we do:
We’re pioneers of a new approach. “Quantified Conservation” is about using data and technology to ensure every restoration action taken translates to a positive outcome. First, we identify and prioritize restoration opportunities to maximize benefits for a watershed. Then, we work with willing landowners to restore habitat in key places, to adapt practices, or to keep more water in rivers and streams that need it. Along the way, we track how every action we take is making a difference for our freshwater resources, our wildlife and our communities. PRINT - KIT - MAIL - FULFILL

The Allied Group provides Print Management, Personalized Kitting, High Integrity Mailing and Complex ISO 13485 Certified Fulfillment.  Our clients include the Life Science, Biotech, Insurance, Healthcare and Manufacturing Industries.

Collaboratively, we strategize, create, produce, deliver and manage demand generation programs that boost our client's ability to attract, acquire and retain their audience. Our unique methodology blends technology, tactics and testing to implement programs that can be tracked against established KPI's to help guide our action. This gives our client's the ability to make informed, educated decisions and generate true return on marketing spend. Successfully activating print, digital, social and mobile channels with award-winning creative, production and distribution capabilities all under one roof is a competitive advantage our clients enjoy.

Efficiently moving materials of all kind using our sophisticated fulfillment solutions enable our clients to contain, reduce and remove operational costs. Our ISO Certified quality processes and procedures include technology and B-to-B or B-to-C turn-key solutions such as; Inventory management, custom ecommerce applications, kitting and warehousing, mailing and distribution as well as product procurement, assembly, inspections and reverse logistics.

Working with our client's to drive top-line growth and bottom-line efficiency helps generate the performance they demand to succeed in today's business climate. At Mango, we firmly believe that any decision can be better made using analytics and data. We also know that a company’s success will depend on becoming data-driven. That’s where we come in.  Our mission is to empower organisations to make informed decisions using data science and advanced analytics to drive bigger gains, lower costs, and optimize performance.

Since 2002, we have specialised in the provision of Data Science solutions that help organisations gain actionable insight into their data. 
 Since our founding in 1987, Subsystem Technologies, Inc (SUBSYSTEMs) has been a leading provider of Engineering and Technical Services, including Manufacturing and Manufacturing Technology Support, Logistics and Field Support, Software Solutions, and Management and Mission Support services nationwide. We are a diverse company, including professionals with expertise in Science, Research, Engineering, Information Technology, and Data Sciences. Our strength is in collectively providing integrated services.

SUBSYSTEMs is more than a name. It is the culmination of our thoughts that each of our employees are a subsystem, and for our organization to advance we work together to create a successful system. Our employees our subsystems, are the raison d’etre and as such we strive to fill our workplace with energy and communication so our employees can grow and find a sense of accomplishment.

We are dedicated to moving our Nations agenda forward. It’s the key ingredient that makes us who we are -­ like our passion for excellence, our innovation throughout our organization and our long standing customer relationships. You will see this simple philosophy at work in everything we do. It defines who we are, challenges us, forces our minds to be open, and to be a world-­class company. NUVISAN PHARMA SERVICES

Fully integrated Contract Research Organisation with over 30 years of serving the pharmaceutical industry.

NUVISAN Pharma Services is a global provider of product development and support services to the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device industries. We deliver services ranging from a single test to fully integrated drug development programs.

We are pleased to offer our sponsors the complete spectrum of drug development services and assist the sponsor in bringing safe and effective pharmaceutical products to market.
A leading CRO driven by Experience, Commitment, and Technology under one roof. Affinio is an Interest Analytics Platform that helps marketers better connect with people using rich interest and affinity data. Using machine learning, Affinio reveals naturally-forming interest-based segments in any audience.

Established in 2013, Affinio is headquartered on the East Coast of Canada and has satellite offices in Toronto, New York City, San Francisco, and London.

For more information, visit Affinio.com Vodori provides solutions that simplify how life science companies create, approve, and distribute promotional content. By integrating the touch points and capturing the data at each user interaction, Vodori helps companies move beyond digital promotional review to provide actionable insights that inspire more effective collateral and smarter marketing decisions all while reducing cost and risk. Vodori enables marketers to confidently redirect their efforts from process support to creating content that matters.

We take our work seriously, but not ourselves. We are a tightly-knit team of vibrant, talented, fun, and sometimes unusual characters who all believe in what we do. Our success thrives on our casual and transparent culture, empowering individuals to refine their skills and learn new ones, all with the support of passionate colleagues. Collaboration is essential and everyone is encouraged to bring ideas and opinions to the table.

By the way, we’re hiring! Head to our website to check out our open positions. Silicon Studio was established with the belief that driving innovation for the digital entertainment industry can help inspire and create new ideas. We develop middleware and game engines that will allow creative minds to make their imagination come to life. We also publish video games on console, mobile and PC and help create games for third parties.

Since its establishment in 2000, Silicon Studio has grown to cover a variety of different fields in the digital entertainment industry. The current divisions specialize in the following:

● Technology Division
Some of the most talented leading programmers in the Industry are committed to the development of high quality cross-platform middleware and game engines for PC, game consoles, handheld devices and embedded boards. 

● Game Development Division
Leveraging the tools and pipelines created by the Technology division as well as other standard tools, highly experienced professionals produce games and applications for multiple platforms.

● Network Solution Division 
Provides total package network solutions to enable third parties to run online and social games. All aspects from planning the infrastructure to maintenance and operations are taken care of to allow the client to focus on game creation.

● Staffing Division 
With the expert knowledge of game and middleware creation, Silicon Studio is able to find the perfect match for all the staffing needs of the digital entertainment industry by targeting the best talent in the industry. ThirdLove is an intimates brand taking on a number of old school brands who have done little to innovate in decades. Our mission is to help every woman find her perfect fit. We do this by combining a design philosophy driven by real women's measurements, substantial R&D in the development of our materials, unique technology to easily shop from the comfort of home, and data science and personalization in almost every aspect of what she sees when she shops with us. 

Starting from humble beginnings in our founders living room, we've grown to become one of the fastest growing brands in the US. We're 150 plus team members across three offices who feel more like family. #TeamisEverything to us - if you agree all of our open positions listed here: www.thirdlove.com/careers

Our Team: 

Across three offices, we’re a team of designers, operations experts, mobile and web engineers, customer experience rockstars, and marketers. Our culture is entrepreneurial and dynamic, with a passionate dedication to creating beautiful products and a great user experience. 

We are funded by Tier 1 venture capitalists and a number of celebrity angels and strategic investors (such as the former CEOs of Victoria's Secret and of Spanx).

Our Benefits:

Just a few ThirdLove perks include subsidized lunches, fun team outings, a fully stocked kitchen (including cold brew, kombucha, seltzer, and chai tea - on tap!), full health / dental, in-office chiropractic or massage, and... the ability to feel like you're having a tangible impact on the world (solving a problem for half the population!), growing in your career as we're moving FAST, always learning (and learning from failing - we love that), and being surrounded by great people who tend to smile a lot. Is that so much to ask? We don't think so.  KeyGene is the go-to AgBiotech company for higher crop yield & quality. 

With our intellectual capital, solution driven approach and collaborative spirit, we work for the future of global agriculture with partners in the AgriFood sector. Using our proprietary technologies and non-GM approaches, we support customers with the development of new and improved crops. Our goal is to help organizations with their toughest R&D challenges, combining our cutting edge breeding technologies, bioinformatics & data science expertise and plant-based trait platforms. 

KeyGene was founded in 1989 by a number of Dutch seed companies. The company started as a molecular marker specialist that revolutionized plant breeding by the development of its DNA fingerprinting technology. Today, innovative research remains at the heart of our company and drives us to deliver novel crop improvement solutions for our partners. At KeyGene, we work in an international environment with more than 140 professionals from all over the world. Our company is based in Wageningen, Netherlands and Rockville, MD, USA. 

www.keygene.com
 ARPM’s mission is to set and disseminate the standards for advanced quantitative risk management and portfolio management, across the financial industry: asset management, insurance, and banking. 

To achieve our mission, we provide a variety of services in Advanced Risk and Portfolio Management®, including: 

The ARPM Bootcamp (http://www.arpm.co/bootcamp), which, in 6 intense days
- consolidates portfolio managers’ and risk managers’ expertise into a structured and rigorous quantitative framework; 
- empowers avid learners with background in data science, engineering, computer science, physics and mathematics to gain the deep technical knowledge necessary to operate across the complex world of quantitative trading, asset management and risk management.

The ARPM Lab (http://www.arpm.co/lab), a constantly updated online platform to learn and teach quantitative finance, divided in four exhaustive tracks:
- Data Science and Econometrics
- Financial Engineering
- Risk Management
- Portfolio Management
The ARPM Lab includes theory, interactive code, case studies, simulation videos, exercises, and multi-media slides.

The free online ARPM research paper series (http://www.ssrn.com/link/Advanced-Risk-Portfolio-Mgmt-RES.html), for the scientific buy-side community to exchange ideas 

The ARPM forum on LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/groups/3825142), to keep the buy-side quant community connected 

The ARPM Newsletter, to update the buy-side quant community on research and events of interest

Follow us also on Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/ARPM.co/) and Twitter (@ARPM_co). Leading research and advisory firm delivering data-driven insights and market research to companies selling lab equipment, lab instruments, lab consumables, and anything else "business of science"​ that makes discovery possible. Strategic Directions International (SDi) was acquired by BioInformatics in 2014 and continues to publish the most trusted market analyses in the analytical and life science instrument industry. BioInformatics is also publisher of Instrument Business Outlook - IBO is a twice-monthly newsletter aimed at providing decision-makers with the latest and most complete information available on the analytical & life science instruments markets. 

Leveraging our global network of scientists, we help clients enter new markets, launch new products, conduct acquisition due diligence, monitor customer satisfaction and develop life science marketing strategies. 

In addition to life science and analytical instrument companies,we also serve other clients with an interest in the scientific market, including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, financial institutions, information technology vendors, advertising firms, consulting firms, publishers, non-profit societies and government agencies. Top life science and analytical instrument clients include Agilent, Beckman Coulter, Becton Dickinson, Bio-Rad, Bruker, Danaher, GE Healthcare Life Sciences, MilliporeSigma, Promega, QIAGEN, Roche Applied Science, Shimadzu, Thermo Fisher Scientific and Waters. A leader in the global ICT industry, MiTAC International Corp. was founded in 1982. The company began operations in the Hsinchu Science Park (HCSP), Taiwan, and was the HCSP’s first system manufacturer. By 1990, MiTAC was listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange. Shifting global economic trends, the proliferation of smartphones and tablet products, the emergence big data and the growth of cloud computing have prompted MiTAC Group to devote its resources to establishing itself in the cloud industry, focusing on cloud services and client services. Therefore, MiTAC Holdings Corporation, through a stock swap from MiTAC International Corp., was established on September 12, 2013 and listed and traded on Taiwan Stock Exchange under stock code 3706, company code “MiTAC” . 
 
Over the past thirty years, MiTAC has evolved into a multinational organization offering R&D, design, manufacturing, assembly, marketing and solutions covering the full range of electronics manufacturing services (EMS). These include joint development management and manufacturing (JDM), original design manufacturing (ODM), original equipment manufacturing (OEM) and original product manufacturing (OPM). 
 
With its global brands—Mio, Magellan, Navman, and TYAN —MiTAC distributes GPS and server products worldwide. To meet the demands of today’s ‘cloud’, MiTAC has developed a comprehensive range of cloud services and cloud computing products with a focus on enterprise and terminal products, as well as smart handheld devices. With its unmatched global experience and expertise, MiTAC is equipped to anticipate consumer needs and analyze industrial megatrends, while providing customers with multifaceted integrated services and organizational flexibility. In this way, MiTAC creates the most appropriate electronics products and services for its customers and evolving markets. Dia&Co is the premier shopping destination for plus-size women. The company's flagship product is a personal styling service that allows customers to shop from the comfort of their homes.  By developing a new kind of relationship with customers, Dia is solving decades of inefficiencies in plus-size shopping.  Our business meets a profound need and we are on a mission to fundamentally transform the way women experience apparel commerce. Synergic Partners is a consultancy firm specialized in Big Data and Data Analytics within the Telefónica group. Founded in 2007 and with operational presence in over 15 countries, we count with a team of over a 100 Data Science experts, a network of over a 1000 specialists as well as powerful alliances with main technological stakeholders and with academic institutions like the Columbia University of New York.

With corporate offices in Madrid and Barcelona, our clients range from medium-sized to large global corporations in Banking, Insurance, Retail, Pharmaceuticals, Travel, Manufacturing and Government, as well as other industry sectors. As a specialized Big Data, Data Science and Data Engineering consultancy firm we are committed to delivering solutions and services that enable companies to leverage the business value of their enterprise data. We help our clients to gain competitive advantages in areas such as Customer Insight, Fraud prevention, Risk and Compliance, Financial governance or Mergers and Acquisitions, among other business challenges.

www.synergicpartners.com
@synergicpartner UberMedia provides the highest quality mobile data solutions trusted by businesses to creatively solve their persistent challenges. The company’s diverse suite of products process billions of social, demographic, and location signals daily for Fortune 500 companies across retail, automotive, and entertainment to better understand and influence modern consumers with the most accurate business decision science. 

Recognized as a pioneer in targeted mobile advertising, UberMedia was listed as Fast Company’s “50 Most Innovative Companies,” The Wall Street Journal’s Top “50 Startups,” Entrepreneur Magazine’s “Best Entrepreneurial Companies in America,” and as one of Advertising Age’s “Best Places to Work.” UberMedia is headquartered in Pasadena, CA. For more information, visit www.ubermedia.com. Fors Marsh Group (FMG) applies behavioral and data science to improve programs and products within seven core markets: Health, Defense, Technology, Finance, Homeland Security, Policy, Consumer. Through our work, we help organizations and governmental agencies make research-backed decisions and implement solutions that positively affect the customers, employees, and the citizens they serve. 

FMG was created with the vision of becoming a refreshingly different type of research and consulting firm. One that could effectively provide its customers with creative solutions steeped in scientific theory, methodological rigor, and feasibility. Our core competency areas include User Experience, Social Marketing, Human Capital Management, Learning and Training, Policy Evaluation, Surveys and Data Collection, Marketing and Communications and Data Science and Visualization.

FMG works to fulfill that vision and deliver a culture that nurtures advanced education and open communication for both clients and employees. As a result, we continue to grow each year, broadening our organizational capabilities and continually refining our core expertise to best serve our clients.

Fors Marsh Group is proud to be recognized as an AMA Gold Top 50 Research Firm and earned the B Corp certification. FuGenX Technologies, a part of USM Business Systems Inc., is a global technology services company, specialized in Mobile Application Development, Game Development, AI, Machine Learning, Automation, Web development and Big Data Analytics. 

FuGenX is pioneered in bringing innovative products and ideas into Digital Space with high quality. FuGenX helps clients in identifying both risks and opportunities that address both short-term challenges as well as long-term value creation. FuGenX provides full project management support for a spectrum of IT projects from pre-concept to ongoing strategic promotion and evaluation.

FuGenX possesses a unique recognition of three time Deloitte award-winning company in Tech Fast50 and Fast500 categories. Founded in 2008, FuGenX’s network of offices spans USA (Chantilly and Dallas), India (Bangalore and Hyderabad) and UAE (Dubai) with more than 200+ employees globally.

The firm’s international reach is strengthened through its long-established partner network throughout the world. FuGenX has delivered 400+ Web Apps and 750+ Apps and Games on iOS, Android, BB, and Windows on both native and cross platforms, and 100+ successful IT projects on trending technologies.
 Established in 2005, Search Laboratory is an award-winning integrated digital marketing and online PR agency with offices in Leeds, London, and New York. 

As a certified Google Analytics 360 Suite sales partner, our analytics and data-driven expertise runs throughout all our services. We work with some of the world’s leading brands on their national and international digital marketing campaigns

Our expert teams are full of innovative ideas to help our clients achieve the best results possible from their digital marketing channels. We work hard to ensure all our team are happy, rewarded and have access to the tools they need to deliver outstanding results for our clients. In fact, we've been included in The Sunday Times Top 100 Best Companies To Work For 2017 list - and it's our fifth year!

Search Laboratory delivers profitable, data-driven digital marketing campaigns, including mathematical PPC and customer-centric SEO, to clients in 18 countries worldwide. Working in over 35 languages, our in-house team of mother-tongue linguists can help you deliver more revenue from your existing search marketing or help you tap into new markets overseas. 
 
Our digital marketing services include:

•	Content Marketing 
•	Public Relations
•	Technical SEO
•	Social Media

•	Pay-per-click (PPC)
•	Programmatic Advertising 

•	Google Analytics 360 Suite Implementation and Consultancy
•	Conversion Rate Optimisation
•	Landing Page Optimisation and Tuning
•	Data Science 
•	Google Analytics Training and Consultancy
 A-TEK is a recognized leader in providing secure science and technology solutions for the federal government. Our scientists, analysts and information technology experts support healthcare, research, national security and defense missions worldwide.  A-TEK bridges the gap between science and information technology by fostering collaboration between science and technology domain experts.  Our collaborative approach enables the evaluation, integration and management of innovations such as the cloud, open source software frameworks and cyber incident detection and recovery technologies. 

A-TEK specializes in delivering solutions which strengthen compliance, foster agility and increase performance.  Our scientific service offerings include a wide variety of disciplines that focus on healthcare research, disease prevention, biological threat agent detection and workflow optimization. 

A-TEK's program engagement model employs methodologies and strategies based on PMBOK and our ISO 9001:2008 certified quality assurance processes to successfully meet schedule, budget and performance objectives.

Contract Vehicles:

NIH CIO-SP3 IT Services - HHSN316201200006W

GSA Schedule 70 - Information Technology Products and Services:  GS-35F-0680K
 
GSA Schedule 66 - Scientific Equipment and Services:  GS-07F0018U

GSA Schedule 6211 - VA Affairs-Professional & Allied Healthcare Staffing:  V77P-7135
 
GSA Schedule 874 MOBIS - GS-10F-0099Y

NIH OAMP BPA - Professional Services Offerings:  HHSN263200100108B

PGCATS - Prince George's County Consulting and Technical Services VisualDNA, a Nielsen company, specialises in audience targeting, consumer insights and analytics by combining the science of psychology with innovative creative applications and big data. We work with advertisers, publishers and lenders to improve their data collection, analysis and applications. 

Our audience reach is over 650m global digital profiles enabling advertiser and publisher brands to understand their digital audience at scale and target digital advertising across display, video, search, mobile, CRM and optimisation.. Innovative and patented visual personality profile tests gather profiles directly from consumers and we have collected over 40m to date to drive our consumer insight.

VisualDNA was named a “Cool Vendor in Consumer Dynamics” by Gartner in 2015.  Over 1,500 brands including 80 of the UK’s Top 100 digital advertisers target their campaigns with VisualDNA for markets such as retail, finance, travel, entertainment, auto, gaming and technology.  VisualDNA serves leading media agencies such as Omnicom Media Group, Dentsu Aegis Network and Publicis and enhances the Nielsen Marketing Cloud's owned and operated data set. Alexander Ash Consulting is a specialist recruitment consultancy which supplies senior, permanent and contract resources into a variety of verticals including Financial Services, Technology, Digital and Consulting.

Our goal is to provide a 'quality service'​ through a combination of delivery from an extensive network of leading consultants and senior execs, and customer satisfaction by ensuring the whole recruitment process from initiation to completion of assignment is both smooth and efficient.

As an organisation, we currently work with a number of Tier 1 and Tier 2 Financial Organisations (Investment Banks, Asset / Wealth / Investment Management, Corporate and Retail) and select 'Big 4'​ and niche consultancies on some of the largest change programmes in the market. We have three models; Contingent contract and perm at all levels, Executive Search and our Consultancy Associate model through Consulting Professionals Ltd. 

Alexander Ash Consulting GmbH (Switzerland) are a niche provider of cross functional, cross change resource and because we don’t deviate away from what we know, we understand all aspects of the change and transformation space in great detail. With regulatory demands increasing, we ensure that we are up to date with all pressures upon your business. Furthermore, efficiency and control is paramount within the current volatile markets so we ensure we have the expertise to drive forward change in this space. 

Specialties: Management Consultants at all levels, MD's, Directors, SVP, VP, SAVP, AVP, Associate 

CHANGE & TRANSFORMATION
Portfolio level / Programme Director / Programme Manager / Project Manager / Business Analyst / Change Manager / Change Consultant / Change Analyst / Transformation Consultant / Data Analyst / PMO / Enterprise Architect / Solution Architect / Data Architect / Business Architect

SECTORS
Investment Banking (Primary & Secondary) / Wealth Management / Asset Management / Investment Management / Consultancy / Corporate Banking / Commercial / Wholesale Banking / Retail Banking / Transaction Banking / Custodian / Prime Brokerage / Hedge Fund / Brokerage / Insurance / Legal

FUNCTION
Front Office / Finance / Risk / Operations / Clearing / Collateral / Treasury / IT / Technology / Client Services / Legal & Compliance

PRODUCTS
Equities / Derivatives / Debt / Credit / Fixed Income / Bonds / Gilts / Rates / Commodities / FX / Futures & Options / Swaps / SBL / Repo / Prime

REGULATORY
Basel / MiFID / Dodd Frank / EMIR / Vickers / Volcker / IFRS / CRD IV / FinRep / CoRep / Flash P&L / GDPR / AIFMD BCBS239 / BREXIT

Pivotal change programmes:
• Compliance - Financial Crime - Regulatory Compliance / MiFID 2
• Ring-fencing - Location Strategy - BREXIT
• Data Quality and Data Science / Analytics / DevOps
• Front Office 
• Risk (Market, Credit, Operational, Conduct) 
• HR Transformation
 EMOTIONS DRIVEN BY DATA

Mission. Circus is a multicultural fully integrated digital agency that partners with its clients to develop high-impact ideas, strategies & content that win in the attention economy.  

Our story. Circus was founded as a “big tent” to welcome misfits that did not “fit” at traditional workplaces. We created a unique ecosystem that helps team members integrate their personal development into their professional growth to unleash their full potential and create ground-breaking ideas. 
 STEP Consulting is a management consulting firm, with strong expertise on performance improvement in complex industries such as aerospace, defense, energies, luxury and industrial goods.

Thanks to our experience in the industry and the specific skills of our teams, we deliver highly added value projects in innovation, design, industrialization and supply chain.

Since its creation in 2004, STEP Consulting lead more than 250 major projects covering a wide range:
- Strategy for growth and offer development
- Transformation program
- Improvement of operational performance

Besides, through our strategic partnership with the firm D3S (http://www.d3s-consulting.com/), a specialist of data science services, we propose for our customers a breakthrough approach combining business consulting and data science. The King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology (KACST) is a scientific government institution that supports and enhances scientific applied research. It coordinates the activities of government institutions and scientific research centers in accordance with the requirements of the development of the Kingdom. It also cooperates with the relevant authorities in identifying national priorities and policies in technology and science so as to build a scientific and technological basis that serves development in agriculture, industry, mining, etc. It also aims at developing national competences and recruiting highly qualified specialists to help develop and control modern technology in order to serve development in the Kingdom. KACST comprises all the requirements of scientific research, such as laboratories, means of communications, information sources and all necessary facilities.

* Vision:
To be a world-class organization in science and technology, fostering innovation and promoting a knowledge-based society in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.

* Mission:
The city works on the development and investment in the national system of science, technology and innovation, to promote the building of a knowledge-based society, which will serve the sustainable development of the Kingdom through the following functions and responsibilities:
- Formulating policies and national plans for science, technology and innovation.
- Coordinating national activities in science, technology and innovation.
- Providing support to scientific research and technological development in the Kingdom.
- Conducting applied scientific research and technological development.
- Developing and strengthening cooperation and local, regional, and international partnerships for technology transfer and development.
- Investing in technology development and its commercial processing.
- Sponsorship, promoting and investing in intellectual property.
- Providing advice and innovative solutions.

* Values:
- Integrity
- Loyalty
- Respect and appreciation showed to staff members
- Community service
- Excellence
- Teamwork
- Transparency
 Intelligent Automation, Inc. (IAI) is a technology innovation company headquartered in Rockville, MD.  We specialize in providing advanced technology solutions and R&D services to federal agencies, and corporations throughout the United States and internationally. 

IAI’s value to its customers is its unique ability to solve challenging science and technology problems, by leveraging its agile R&D processes, subject matter experts, multi-disciplinary collaborative environment, and its substantial intellectual property portfolio. IAI excels in its ability to innovate, and in developing concepts into market-focused products and customer-driven solutions.

IAI’s core areas of research and development expertise include Air Traffic Management, Big Data and Social Media Analytics, Control and Signal Processing, Cyber Security, Education and Training Technologies, Health Technologies, Modeling and Simulation, Networks and Communications, Robotics, and Sensor Systems.

IAI is a women owned small business and was founded in 1987 by Drs. Leonard Haynes and Jackie Haynes. Today, IAI is led by Dr. Vikram Manikonda, its President and CEO. Since its founding, IAI has enjoyed consistent growth and today is a mature small business headquartered in Rockville MD with offices in Rome NY, Hampton VA and Orlando FL. IAI serves its stakeholders by consistently delivering innovative, customer-focused solutions, by establishing and sustaining enduring relationships with our clients and partners, and by maintaining an environment in which staff members can fulfill their professional and personal objectives. We work with the best brands, enterprise companies, and start-ups around the world. We test and experiment with our clients to find a formula that drives results for their sales teams to develop long-term relationships.

With CIENCE, our partners get the strategic thinking of our growth hackers, the deep analytical skills of a data science company, the flexibility of our skilled resources and a sales acceleration platform to drive results. Boston University is one of the leading private research and teaching institutions in the world today, with two primary campuses in the heart of Boston and programs around the world.

Boston University was chartered in 1869 by Lee Claflin, Jacob Sleeper, and Isaac Rich, three successful Methodist businessmen whose abolitionist ideals led them to envision and create a university that was inclusive—that opened its doors to the world—and engaged in service to and collaboration with the city of Boston. Nearly 150 years later, BU has an alumni community of 310,000+ living and working all around the world. Science [&] Technology AS (S[&]T) is part of the S[&]T Corporation (headquarters in the Netherlands), operating for more than 15 years in project implementations and product developments where science and technology play an important role. Our systems-level thinkers know how to use science and technology as a tool to solve complex problems in many domains. By choosing the right tools, and putting them in the right hands, S[&]T builds a bridge from technical capabilities through to market-ready solutions.

Our expertise covers:
• Integrated environmental monitoring;
• Instrument/Sensor simulation & data analysis;
• Satellite data processing;
• Data mining and event prediction.

Selected projects:
• Monitoring the ice sheets (Greenland, Antarctica) melting rate;
• Simulating the next generation European weather satellite instrument;
• Developing scientific software toolboxes;
• Large-scale satellite data processing, cloud processing;
• Providing risk factors for optimizing route planning for heavy vehicle platoons;
• Onboard satellite data image processing. BMW Group vehicles are the epitome of innovation, combining cutting-edge technologies with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities and processes. We are always looking for talent from a broad range of disciplines to help us realise our visions and drive automotive progress. Whether in research, development or production, an exciting working environment defined by challenges, responsibilities and rewards awaits software developers, IT specialists, engineers, mechatronic engineers and electrical engineers. Graduates of other disciplines, such as business administration, law and the arts also make a valuable contribution to the company. 

What matters more than the area of expertise is passion and enthusiasm to bring high-quality vehicles to the road. Everything starts with passion at the BMW Group. It turns a profession into a vocation. It drives us to keep reinventing mobility and bringing innovative ideas onto the roads. Enthusiasm for joint projects turns a team into a strong unit where every opinion is valued. We are the world’s largest pure play Big Data Analytics and Decision Sciences company with a Unicorn status in the US and the only profitable Unicorn in India.

We work with more than 140 of the Fortune 500 through a unique ecosystem that brings together People, Processes, and Platforms. We currently have 3500 Decision Scientists worldwide.

We are honored to have been recognized by Walmart as their Supplier of the Year, and as the preferred analytics partner by Microsoft.

The venture capitalists who were the first investors in Facebook and Google have made their largest investment in the analytics space with us and we continue to add 6-8 new logos every quarter.

What allows us this continued hyper-growth are the 3 principles that govern our everyday. Learning Over Knowing, Extreme Experimentation and Interdisciplinary Perspective. You can learn about these principles in detail on our website
https://www.mu-sigma.com

Our mission is to establish and institutionalize a fundamentally new approach to decision making; one that is better designed for the incredible pace of change that businesses experience today. We call this the New Art of Problem Solving where we aspire to deliver a combination of Art + Science done at Scale. To do this we need to be part design studio, part research lab and part data factory, striving to bring it together as a whole. INC Research/inVentiv Health (Nasdaq:INCR) is the only fully integrated biopharmaceutical solutions organization. Our company, including a Contract Research Organization (CRO) and Contract Commercial Organization (CCO), is purpose-built to address new market realities where clinical and commercial share expertise, data and insights to accelerate biopharmaceutical performance. With more than 22,000 employees and the ability to support customers in more than 110 countries, our global scale and deep therapeutic alignment enables INC Research/inVentiv Health to help customers successfully navigate an increasingly complex environment. For more information on our Raleigh, N.C.-based company, visit incresearch.com or inventivhealth.com. The mission of the Department of Energy is to ensure America's security and prosperity by addressing its energy, environmental, and nuclear challenges through transformative science and technology solutions. 

Goal 1:  Science and Energy — Advance foundational science, innovate energy technologies, and inform data driven policies that enhance U.S. economic growth and job creation, energy security, and environmental quality, with emphasis on implementation of the President’s Climate Action Plan to mitigate the risks of and enhance resilience against climate change
  
Goal 2: Nuclear Security — Strengthen national security by maintaining and modernizing the nuclear stockpile and nuclear security infrastructure, reducing global nuclear threats, providing for nuclear propulsion, improving physical and cybersecurity, and strengthening key science, technology, and engineering capabilities
  
Goal 3:  Management and Performance — Position the Department of Energy to meet the challenges of the 21st century and the nation’s Manhattan Project and Cold War legacy responsibilities by employing effective management and refining operational and support capabilities to pursue departmental missions Project One provides technology consulting and staffing services for clients requiring a combination of technical skill sets along with industry/applications domain expertise.  We specialize within the Communications, Digital Media & Entertainment Industry, including:  broadcast television, cable & communications, sports & entertainment, online interactive media, content development, publishing and advertising technology. 

Our President & CEO, Gary Zander has been named by Staffing Industry Analysts (SIA) to the Top Staffing 100 in North America  - "game-changers"​ who've made a difference in the world of work.  Gary and Project One have proven that niche-market specialization and high-touch / high-value services remain a very viable business approach for both clients and candidates vs. a high-volume / low-cost focus.

In the Data Science & Analytics area we supply professionals with deep statistical “big data” analytics and predictive modeling experience. These are individuals who can help companies move from traditional BI historical reporting to inferential advanced analytics and predicting future outcomes. The result: companies that compete on metrics achieve competitive advantage, increase revenues & profits and optimize performance.

We promote our services through unique marketing programs comprising of management advisory services, seminars, symposiums and executive round tables. 

Project1 focus is helping clients maximize their productivity and investment return in people, projects and technology.  Visit us at project1 .com Pivotal transforms how the world builds software. Pivotal combines the Silicon Valley state of mind, modern approach, and infrastructure with organizations’ core expertise and values. 

We enable the leading companies in the world to innovate by employing an approach focused on building software.

Our methodology is about evolving, in both development and innovation, and our culture is empowering. Our team uses agile and lean approaches to teach next-generation developers to create and build new solutions. We optimize for change so enterprises can move at start-up speeds and with greater business agility. Located in historic Providence, Rhode Island and founded in 1764, Brown University is the seventh-oldest college in the United States. Brown is an independent, coeducational Ivy League institution comprising undergraduate and graduate programs, plus the Alpert Medical School, School of Public Health, School of Engineering, and the School of Professional Studies.

With its talented and motivated student body and accomplished faculty, Brown is a leading research university that maintains a particular commitment to exceptional undergraduate instruction. Brown’s vibrant, diverse community consists of about 6,200 undergraduates, 2,000 graduate students, 490 medical school students, more than 5,000 summer, visiting, and online students, and over 700 faculty members.

Brown students come from all 50 states and more than 115 countries. Undergraduates pursue bachelor’s degrees in more than 70 concentrations, ranging from Egyptology to cognitive neuroscience. Anything’s possible at Brown—the university’s commitment to undergraduate freedom means students must take responsibility as architects of their courses of study.

Brown University has 51 doctoral programs and 28 master’s programs. The broad scope of options vary from interdisciplinary opportunities in molecular pharmacology and physiology to a master’s program in acting and directing through the Brown/Trinity Repertory Consortium.

Around the world, nearly 90,000 Brown alumni are - in the words of Brown’s charter - leading lives of “usefulness and reputation” in every imaginable field of endeavor. Through events around the globe, reunions on campus, career resources, a host of online connections, and other services, the Brown Alumni Association fosters and supports a vibrant alumni community, wherever its members may be. QIAGEN is the leading global provider of Sample to Insight solutions to transform biological materials into valuable molecular insights.

QIAGEN sample technologies isolate and process DNA, RNA and proteins from blood, tissue and other materials. Assay technologies make these biomolecules visible and ready for analysis. Bioinformatics software and knowledge bases interpret data to report relevant, actionable insights. Automation solutions tie these together in seamless and cost-effective molecular testing workflows.

QIAGEN provides these workflows to more than 500,000 customers around the world in Molecular Diagnostics (human healthcare), Applied Testing (forensics, veterinary testing and food safety), Pharma (pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies) and Academia (life sciences research).

As of June 30, 2015, QIAGEN employed approximately 4,400 people in over 35 locations worldwide. Further information can be found at http://www.qiagen.com. SPAWAR’s mission is to work closely with the fleet, systems commands and Navy partners to deliver interoperable and secure information warfare capability by acquiring and integrating sensors, communications, weapons, information and control systems for existing and future ships, aircraft, submarines, unmanned systems and the associated shore based support systems. Over the last decade, information has emerged as a warfighting domain, joining land, sea and air as a critical, contested battlespace. As the Navy’s information warfare systems command, SPAWAR is the Navy acquisition command that develops, delivers and sustains communications and information warfare capabilities for warfighters, keeping them securely connected anytime, anywhere. With a space support activity, two research and development system centers and through partnerships with three program executive offices, SPAWAR provides the hardware and software needed to execute Navy missions. SPAWAR consists of more than 10,000 active duty military and civil service professionals located around the world and close to the fleet to keep SPAWAR at the forefront of research, engineering and acquisition to provide and sustain information warfare capabilities to the fleet. SPAWAR products and services transform ships, aircraft and vehicles from individual platforms into integrated battle forces, delivering and enhancing information warfare among Navy, Marine, joint forces, federal agencies and international allies. Internally, SPAWAR is organized into eight competencies: finance, contracts, legal, logistics and fleet support, engineering, acquisition and program management, science and technology and corporate operations.

We are proud that SPAWAR's influence spans the globe, and we would love to have you onboard as part of our team! 

To learn more and submit your resume, go to http://jobs.spawar.navy.mil. you may also search and apply for jobs at www.spawar.usajobs.gov For 50 years, Entegris has been a provider of critical products and materials used in advanced high-technology manufacturing. These products and materials are often used to make the building blocks of many of the world's most complex microelectronic products, such as computers, mobile devices and phones, data storage components, televisions and monitors, and automobiles.
 
Headquartered in Billerica, Massachusetts, Entegris employs approximately 3,500 people worldwide, with roughly half employed in Asia-Pacific or Europe.
 
With research and development, customer service, analytical labs, and manufacturing in Asia-Pacific, North America and Europe, Entegris supports customers around the globe as they take technology to the next level. UM believes that better science and better art deliver better outcomes to our clients in the media moments that matter most. We are a creative media agency, committed to blurring the lines between media and creativity, between data and content, between science and art. A global media network in IPG Mediabrands, UM operates in over 100 countries, with 4,800 people innovating on a roster of clients including Johnson & Johnson, Coca-Cola, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, The Hershey Company, CVS Health, ExxonMobil, BMW and Sony. Quintiles and IMS Health have come together to become IQVIA, The Human Data Science Company™
Inspired by the industry we help, IQVIA commits to providing solutions that enable life sciences companies to innovate with confidence, maximize their opportunities and ultimately drive human health outcomes forward. 

We provide actionable solutions by tapping into the power of the IQVIA CORE™: 
• Domain Expertise. Institutional knowledge and domain expertise across diseases, geographies and scientific methods
• Advanced Analytics. Faster, more precise decision-making generated by advanced analytics designed for healthcare
• Unparalleled Data. One of the world’s largest curated healthcare data sources with innovative privacy protections
• Transformative Technology. Leading technologies to provide real-time access to operations-critical information

To learn more, visit www.IQVIA.com 
 Infor builds business software for specific industries in the cloud. With 16,000 employees and over 90,000 customers in more than 200 countries and territories, Infor software is designed for progress. To learn more, please visit www.infor.com.

Infor builds complete industry suites in the cloud and deploys software that puts the user experience first, leverages data science, and integrates easily with existing systems. With 16,000 employees, more than 90,000 customers in 170 countries rely on Infor applications and services to help overcome market disruptions and achieve business-wide digital transformation. To learn more, please visit us at Infor.com.
  We believe that in today’s adaptive world everything begins and ends in media. Our role in this world is to help clients grow their business and to become their lead business partner and we achieve this through a culture of original thinking driven by speed, teamwork and provocation.

Our network consists of 116 offices in 86 countries throughout North America, Latin America, Europe, Middle East, and Asia Pacific, each dedicated to forging competitive marketing advantage for businesses and their brands. Mindshare is part of GroupM, which oversees the media investment management sector for WPP, the world’s leading communications services group. We’re working with more than 10,000 software engineers across several of our business divisions to ensure that our customers in all sectors can tap into the power of the Industrial Internet. Our approach is built around a common software platform, agile development and shared services.

By combining the nimbleness of a Silicon Valley startup with the strong pedigree of GE’s global expertise, GE Digital stands alone. THE WORLD’S FIRST CUSTOMER DATA SCIENCE PLATFORM

A world-leader in customer data science, dunnhumby has pioneered the use of big data to drive growth for retailers and brands since 1989. With 46 offices in 27 countries, dunnhumby’s strategic process, proprietary insights and multi-channel media capabilities deliver competitive advantage for clients including Coca-Cola, Homeplus, L’Oreal, Monoprix, Procter & Gamble, Raia Drogasil, Raley’s, Shoprite and Tesco.

Applying insights from 800 million shoppers globally, with specialisms in customer knowledge, customer engagement, pricing & promotions, category management and supplier collaboration – dunnhumby optimises retailer data investment, develops internal expertise and creates tailored solutions that build margin, sales & profit in all competitive environments.

Since 2014, dunnhumby’s insights have been combined with Sociomantic’s digital technology to deliver a leading personalised advertising proposition. Our mission is to provide advertisers with the ability to seamlessly reach customers with individually personalised and optimised marketing for better business, stronger customer relationships and increased engagement.

Follow us and stay connected! 
TWITTER: https://twitter.com/dunnhumby
FACEBOOK: https://www.facebook.com/dunnhumby
YOUTUBE: https://www.youtube.com/user/Dunnhumby Dovel advances the mission of its customers in health, life sciences, and information management through the integration of technology and domain expertise to deliver technology solutions for highly complex and data-driven environments. 

We are proud of our innovative and entrepreneurial culture. We encourage our employees to bring ideas forward, whether it is for solving a customer challenge or a way to enrich our community. Dovel combines this spirit with a focus on our customers’ unique missions to develop appropriate technology solutions that rapidly integrate in day-to-day processes. 

Dovel has been appraised at CMMI® Maturity Level 3 and its annual quality report receives accolades from industry leaders such as Capers Jones, who has listed Dovel in the category of ”Companies That Utilize Best Practices” along with IBM, Amazon, Google, and Apple. FindHotel develops the first hotel booking marketplace (www.findhotel.net), currently serving over a 2M visitors a month, in 42 languages around the world. 

Our mission is to improve the metasearch model and evolve it into a true booking marketplace, building the best place for customers to find and book a hotel. 

We are a talented and highly diverse group, comprising of 17 nationalities, based in Amsterdam city center (and remote). 

If you are looking for a fast-growing and far-aiming organization, a place where Monday mornings would be waited for, and a professional environment in which you can build amazing skills and expertise, this is the place for you!
 Data enablement. 

We work with companies to make sure their data strategies are adopted, incorporated into their work flows and reflected in the quality of the decisions that are being made and we accomplish this through a consultative discovery process, data enablement platform and our proprietary contextualization applications.

Geospatial centric population insights is what really gets us excited!  The Virginia Tech College of Engineering is on the forefront of innovation, working in disruptive technology areas that include: autonomous systems and robotics, cybersecurity and cyber physical systems, data analytics and decision sciences, injury and occupational biomechanics, manufacturing materials and systems, energy engineering and science, sustainable infrastructure and construction, transportation and logistics, turbomachinery and diagnostics, corrosion and water, and wireless communications and security. The college is comprised of 360 faculty across 12 departments and 2 schools, offering 14 undergraduate degree-granting engineering majors, 16 doctoral, and 19 master's programs in 17 areas of study. During the 2016-17 academic year, 10,259 undergraduate and graduate students were enrolled.U.S. News & World Report ranks the undergraduate program 16th and its graduate program 27th among doctoral-granting universities. The annual National Science Foundation survey ranks the college 8th out of 381 institutions for engineering research expenditures.

Virginia Tech welcomes your comments on our page and encourages interaction among Hokies around the world. We ask that you use the Virginia Tech Principles of Community (http://inclusive.vt.edu/vtpoc0.html) as guidance in your posts and remain true to the spirit of Ut Prosim (That I May Serve).

We review all comments made. Comments may be removed if they are off-topic, defamatory, an unauthorized commercial solicitation, or an attack, or if they contain illegal suggestions or use foul language. We reserve the right to terminate access to the page by repeat offenders.

Please email us at jangus@vt.edu with any concerns about the content on this site. Comments made to this page are the opinions of the authors, not of the university.
 Juvo was founded with an overarching mission: to establish financial identities for the billions of people worldwide who are creditworthy, yet financially excluded. In partnership with mobile network operators, Juvo’s proprietary Identity Scoring technology uses data science, machine learning and game mechanics to create an identity-based relationship with anonymous prepaid users, opening up access to otherwise unattainable mobile financial services.  

Since emerging from stealth in September 2016, Juvo has increased its global reach more than five times over, from 100 million to over 
500 million, and has steadily grown its operations and employee base worldwide with 55 employees today. To date, Juvo has enabled over 250M transactions in 25 countries and 4 continents, with 1M active users per day.

Juvo is a privately held company backed by global business leaders and luminaries in the world of tech, mobile and finance. Juvo just completed a $40 million USD Series B funding round with funding from by top-tier VCs including NEA, Wing Venture, and Freestyle Capital. Early investors in the company, including the former CEOs of AT&T Wireless, NYSE, Sprint, Telefonica International and Vodafone Group, have each taken part in the latest B round.  Its executive team comprises accomplished industry leaders across the data science, consumer internet, financial services and mobile telecom fields. Services for life scientists, including F1000Prime, F1000Workspace and F1000Research. 
Discover top research. Write smarter. Publish faster. 

F1000Prime provides researchers with a personalised literature service with over 170,000 recommendations from our Faculty of over 11,000 leading researchers and clinicians in biology and medicine.

F1000Workspace offers scientists a comprehensive suite of tools to help with writing, collaborating, reference management and preparation for publishing.

F1000Research is an open science publishing platform, offering immediate publication of articles, posters and slides with no editorial bias. All articles benefit from transparent peer review and the inclusion of all source data.

Find out more at http://f1000.com. SF&P is a recruitment firm specializing as a creative search resource for early stage and growing tech companies. The founders, Norm Shulman and Susan Fleming have more than 30 years of experience working with technology companies. We understand that acquiring the best talent is the key to building a successful business.

Norm and Susan have worked with hundreds of early  and mid stage companies, resulting in thousands of successful placements. With our combination of expertise, determination and passion for building the best teams, we take the "Art of Search" to a different level. Paritas Recruitment are a specialist Audit (Business & IT), Risk (Credit, Market, Operational, Quantitative, Regulatory) Compliance and Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning / Data Science recruitment agency established to offer our clients and candidates a more personalised and effective service.  

Our skilled and experienced team of Directors and Consultants recruit across the whole financial services sector, including retail, corporate, private & investment banking, asset/wealth management, insurance, fintech and consultancy firms.  We recruit in Europe, USA, Asia and the Middle East. 

If you are seeking a career change or just advice, we are more than happy to offer you our years of recruitment experience to advise and direct you as best we can, as well as outlining a range of interesting market opportunities Founded in 2007, ColdLight created Neuron - an AI-based technology that simplifies data science practices by automating the creation and operationalization of advanced and predictive analytics within applications.

ColdLight was acquired by PTC on May 7, 2015.  Neuron has now transitioned into ThingWorx Analytics - a set of powerful analytics capabilities within the ThingWorx technology platform.

To learn more, visit http://www.thingworx.com/thingworx-analytics. Rockhall Partners is a leading Recruitment and Executive Search consultancy focused on supplying permanent and interim talent for a growing number of UK and global clients. Our teams work within targeted vertical markets with each of our consultants possessing an in-depth understanding of their sectors, these include Digital Technology, Business Intelligence and Data.

In more detail, our target markets include: 

BI and ANALYTICS 
•	Data Analytics (Risk, Remediation, Insight)
•	Business Intelligence (SAS, SQL, Teradata, Informatica, OBIEE)
•	Data Visualisation (SAS VA, Qlikview, Tableau, PowerBI)  
•	BI Project Management and Business Analysis 
•	Data Management (MDM, DW)
•	Data Science 

DIGITAL and ECOMMERCE 
•	eCommerce (Hybris, ATG, Demandware, Magento, Websphere Commerce, AWS) 
•	Software Development and Architecture (Java/J2EE focus) 
•	Systems Integration 
•	Digital Transformation

EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES 
•	IoT(Internet-of-Things)
•	AI
•	Augmented Reality(AR) and Virtual Reality (VR)
•	Automation / RPA 
•	Blockchain

MANAGEMENT CONSULTING - We work with a wide number of both global and boutique consulting and advisory firms across various service lines from Strategy through to Operations. 
•	Strategy 
•	Business Transformation 
•	Digital Transformation
•	Procurement, Sourcing and Supply Chain (incl Analytics)
•	Operational and Performance Improvement (Lean, Six Sigma, Kaizen, TPS)
•	Customer Experience 

Our services and expertise cover the following areas: 

•	Permanent Recruitment 
•	Contract and Interim Recruitment 
•	Retained Executive Search 
•	Executive Hire Research encompassing Competitor Analysis and Market Mapping 
•	Online Recruitment 

Contact Kevin@rockhallrecruit.com or John@rockhallrecruit.com for more information. Organic Motion, Inc. is the leading provider markerless motion capture systems for game development and animation, life science, and military training and simulation.

Organic Motion’s technology dramatically increases a computer's ability to "see" and understand human motion to generate highly accurate 3D tracking data in real-time, without using bodysuits or attached devices. 

Organic Motion’s systems are being used for education, arts and entertainment, biomechanics and military training.

OpenStage 2 markerless motion capture system supports full integration with existing rendering engines and military virtual simulation; increasing the speed and efficiency of training readiness for a wide range of simulations. 

For additional information, please visit www.organicmotion.com. Page Solutions is a global Banking and Financial Services company offering Consulting, Technology and Outsourcing services to reputable banks and financial institutions who aspire to boost profitability by leveraging the right mix of technology and service innovation.Our expertise lies in  implementation and upgrade of T24 products and migrating data from legacy systems to the T24 core banking application.

Founded in 2007, Page Solutions comprises qualified and experienced techno-functional professionals and certified consultants with a wealth of industry experience in System Integration, Interfaces, Offshore Development, Implementations, System Audits, Post Implementation Systems Performance and Health Checks. Our knowledgeable team of over 100 T24 certified consultants has carved a reputation for delivering top quality, cost sensitive and time effective services to clients.

The Product Development arm of Page Solutions is keenly tuned to changes in the financial sector and develops comprehensive solutions to assist banks in streamlining their operations and improving the overall ROI.

The services we offer include: 
Temenos T24 Services
T24 Upgrade, T24 Implementation, T24 Trainings
Blockchain
Data science
Business Process Analysis 
System Evaluation & Selection
Implementation methods
System Support and maintenance
Data warehousing & Business Intelligence

To BFSI Industry segments that cover gamut of consulting services in
Retail and Corporate banking
Islamic Banking
Private Banking and Wealth Management 
Investment Banking
Internet Banking Hyper Anna is an Artificial Intelligence company in the data space. We help organisations get closer to their data by serving sculpted insights to their employees. 

We do this by deploying Anna, our AI agent, on top of organisations'​ databases to enable the business to query anything and everything that is of importance. Anna produces actionable insights under 6 seconds and enables everyone to make insight-driven decisions.

Think Siri or Cortana over the top of any company’s database that enables you to ask plain English questions about the key drivers of your business. 

Using conversation as a platform for data exploration is an important shift, as this interface has the potential to make big data accessible to non-technical users.

Our deployment takes 3-5 business days, compared to other alternatives which take 6 months to 1 year for a number rigid dashboards.

Say hello to us at hello@hyperanna.com Founded in 2005, h2 wellness is a cloud-based, population health and engagement company that allows health and wellness brands worldwide to improve the lives of their customers and increase customer satisfaction, retention and revenues. Its platform helps clients provide their customers with innovative digital tools and coaching in a cost-effective, timely manner, eliminating the risk of software development and ongoing maintenance. h2’s platform is used by millions of consumers in 15 countries and nine languages, as offered by leading companies in the healthcare, wellness, fitness, weight loss, nutrition, and corporate health markets. BuzzBoard uncovers data-driven insights about SMBs that drive more meaningful conversations for marketers and sellers, resulting in increased sales across the customer lifecycle. By applying data science and digital signals to the world’s most extensive collection of business intelligence about SMBs, BuzzBoard answers the most important question for marketers and sellers: why will my prospects and customers want to engage? BuzzBoard transforms unproductive sales interactions into customized opportunities to improve customer engagement, book more appointments and close deals faster.

Most, if not all, of the analytics, lead generation and sales enablement solutions in the market today just answer the WHO and the HOW. They try to generate leads (the WHO) for their customers and provide workflows and tools to efficiently turn leads into sales, at scale (the HOW). While these solutions create some value, they fall short of addressing the WHY.

BuzzBoard’s unique, insights-driven technology provides micro-targeting capabilities for prospecting, identifies upsell and cross-sell opportunities to grow existing customers, automatically monitors top accounts to increase retention, and generates compelling content that fuels customer engagement. 

BuzzBoard is easy to implement, simple to use and works seamlessly across all devices and screens — allowing marketing and sales teams to research companies and contacts, engage with clients, view company profiles and competitive reports and access timely company and market data on the go. With BuzzBoard, you can create better sales opportunities and deeper engagement, leading to more sales and lasting customer relationships.

For more information, visit https://www.buzzboard.com. The Police Foundation is the only nationally-known, non-profit, non-partisan, and non-membership-driven organization solely dedicated to improving America’s most noble profession – policing. The Police Foundation has been on the cutting edge of police innovation for 45 years since it was established by the Ford Foundation as a result of the President’s Commission on the Challenge of Crime in a Free Society. Relying on its in-house staff, executive and research fellows and consultants, the Police Foundation provides technical assistance and conducts innovative research to accomplish its mission of improving policing through science and innovation. LookBookHQ builds software that accelerates B2B purchase decisions. By delivering more of the content people need about you and your products or services whenever and wherever they click, the LookBookHQ Intelligent Content Platform helps marketing & sales organizations educate prospects and customers faster and more efficiently. With attention at a premium, we use Content Science™ to make it easier for the right people to get the right content when they need it – so that you drive revenue.

You can easily integrate LookBookHQ with your Marketing Automation Platform (MAP) and MarTech stack, and add LookBookHQ content experiences to emails, landing pages and websites to make them more engaging. LookBookHQ post-click content engagement data is fed back to your MAP on a per prospect basis so that you can use this data for leading scoring, workflows, segmentation and insight into the sales readiness of your buyers. At RTM, we deliver world-class talent management and recruitment services across a variety of sectors. All of our clients face different business challenges, so we create unique solutions to help them meet their objectives. 

We can help design, build and manage entire resourcing operations, up-skill your recruiters or plug the gaps in your in-house model. We can also build out large or small-scale contingency Managed Service Programmes to ensure compliance, minimise risk and drive out massive cost savings across your non-permanent workforce. 

We firmly believe that talent management is a science not an art. The data we create can identify improvement opportunities, spot inefficiencies and measure churn. So, wherever we can, we build data management into our processes. 

It all adds up to a flexible, tailor-made talent management service that you can count on for better returns and ultimately helps you achieve your business objectives.    

RTM is part of Rethink Group, delivering recruitment and talent management services internationally to transform businesses into higher performing organisations. The Group supports clients across the UK, Europe and Asia Pacific.

We think this 2 minute video sums up what we’re about perfectly: https://vimeo.com/154746774

 Jigsaw Academy offers courses across analytics, data science, big data, machine learning, and internet of things.

We train professionals from all over the world in data mining, data science, and predictive analytics, equipping them with the data analytics skills that are in demand in today's workplace.

We have trained over 45,000 students across 30+ countries, with a 95% success rate, in the most widely used data analytics tools and techniques through the Jigsaw Learning Centre, a cloud based virtual platform that is accessible to students 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.

Our vision of offering an industry-relevant curriculum has led to innovative partnerships with leading academic institutions such as SDA Bocconi in Milan, Italy, and University of Chicago Graham School. As our award winning courses are well recognized in the industry, Jigsaw is the approved analytics training partner for many large organizations, including Microsoft, Adobe, Cognizant, Citibank, Flipkart, Nokia, Mahindra, HCL, Genpact among others.  An American Family-Owned Company Incorporated in 1982

It all started in 1982 when after a trip to Germany, our founders, Bernard and Rosemarie Rubel, returned with a card game that would be the beginning of Safari Ltd®. Its theme was endangered species. 

A few years later in 1986, Safari Ltd® signed one of the most important license agreements in the company's history with the Carnegie Museum of Natural History. This license allowed for the production of authentic, scale-model dinosaur figures with the collaboration of their paleontologists. This was the foundation for Safari Ltd® to make educational figures for years to come.

The founders of Safari Ltd®, had a vision to share the unique beauty of wildlife with children and a passion to educate through the joy of play. Each figure is designed to have museum-quality authenticity to ensure they are as lifelike as possible. With new scientific data always emerging, this means the products are also continually being updated.

Each product is artfully hand-painted so that no two figures are the same.  We still have some of the original painters in the factory painting some of the same Carnegie dinosaurs after over 25 years.

Safari Ltd®’s toys are inspired by nature, fueling the imagination and speaking to the innate curiosity in all of us.

Children play with them, adults collect them and educators worldwide enjoy teaching with these unique figures. 

After 3 generations, Safari Ltd® continues to forge ahead with their vision. Year after year, new Toys that Teach™ are created to encourage the importance of nature and its conservation through the joy of play. Based in the heart of New York City, Locke Careers provides full-service talent solutions for our clients nationwide. For over 15 years, we have been creating recruitment strategies based on our clients’ individual workforce needs.

Locke Careers strives to understand our clients’ business and culture by identifying the position’s scope, responsibilities, compensation package, and report relationships. Our objective is to present candidates who possess the appropriate blend of knowledge, skill, attitude, and experience.

Our firm’s candidate network and time-proven search process provides the high level of service both our clients and candidates have come to expect.

Locke Careers has a reputation for being trusted and respected by clients and candidates alike. We continue to build on this reputation by our sincere commitment to excellence.


To our clients:

Our goal is to provide our clients with top talent who will not just add immediate value but will contribute to the long-term success of the firm. In order to achieve this, Locke Careers thoroughly screens our candidates using a performance-based hiring model. By looking at a candidate’s previous track record and discussing his/her personal goals, we can determine if the placement will be beneficial for both the candidate and client. We can improve our clients’ ROI by identifying the candidates who will not be a good long-term fit for the company. This ultimately saves valuable time as well as the financial costs associated with replacing under-performing employees.

To our candidates:

We have always recognized that searching for a new position is a job in itself. By acting as a resource at every step of the way, we make the process as smooth as possible while providing constant guidance. From start to end, Locke Careers takes a hands-on approach during your job search. By the time that Justin Yoshimura turned 25, he was a veteran in the startup world: guiding three companies from start to acquisition and guiding many more through the startup process as an advisor, mentor and board member.  Nevertheless, he had yet to achieve his original dream of building the next Berkshire Hathaway, so he founded CSC Generation. 

CSC Generation:	
• Is backed by leading investors including: China Science & Merchants Investment Management Group (CSC), Khosla Ventures, Panasonic, Crosslink Capital, Maveron, Quest Venture Partners, eCommerce Growth Fund, and various family offices. 
• Builds things that people want. 
• Is insanely data-driven and analytical. Our team members are the type of people that would analyze a restaurant’s revenues, contribution margins, rent, and EBITDA while waiting for their food. 
• Has zero tolerance for jerks or politics. Candidates who negatively impact our culture are let go, even if it doesn’t make financial sense to do so. 
• Is capital-efficient and scrappy. 
• Believes that whether or not you paid for your own college is more important than where you went to school. 
• Is contrarian. We get a rush from unlocking value in overlooked assets. 
• Values work ethic, intellectual curiosity, and dedication. 

If you're interested in joining our journey to build a massive business, please reach out!! The University of Patras was founded in the city of Patras in 1964 and it began functioning in the Academic year of 1966-67, this contributed vastly to the decentralization of Academic Education in Greece. In June 2013 the University of West Greece was incorporated in the University of Patras.

The University is a two-city campus, situated both in Patras and Agrinion. The campus in Patras is located 12 km East of the city of Patras, in the suburb Rion, covering a vast area of 2.656 acres. The campus is a self-contained campus located at the foot of Mount Panachaico with a view over the Gulf of Corinth and the mountains of Central Greece across the water.

The University of Patras is the third largest University in Greece regarding the size of student potential, the Faculty Members, Administrative Personnel, number of departments, and accredited student titles.

The University of Patras includes 24 Departments, with a large number of sectors and consequently a great range of disciplines, which operate 112 laboratories and 14 fully equipped clinics.

The University of Patras has 28,727 Undergraduate and 3,959 Postgraduate students, a total of 727 faculty members, 146 Teaching and Technical staff and 457 Administrative Personnel. (data of September 2013)

Besides its distinguished path in education, the University of Patras has excelled in the fields of Basic and Applied Research. The University of Patras has acquired international prominence for pioneering wide ranging Research in areas such as Environment, Health, Biotechnology, Mechanics, Electronics, Informatics and Basic Science. A number of the Departments, Laboratories and Clinics have been designated as Centres of Excellence, on the basis of International Assessment. The University of Patras has a reputation for quality and innovative research and presents an effective participation in a plethora of Research Projects, Scientific Organizations, and Research Groups.

Together with its educational a... We’re a global Technology and Business Consultancy, with over 400 Consultants working for us on-site in London and in key financial centres such as New York, Hong Kong, Sydney, Montreal and Johannesburg.  We're trusted by our clients to deliver on time, on budget, according to their requirements.

Some of our service areas:

- Consulting & Advisory 
- Risk, Regulatory & Compliance
- Application Support & Plant Engineering
- Application Development
- Data Science
- Digital Transformation
- Vendor & Product Services
- Cyber & Information Security
- Blockchain & Distributed Ledgers

We also deliver a global fast track Graduate Programme - MThree Alumni. Our Vision is clear:  To make Sportsbet a world class online bookmaker that’s trusted by our customers, colleagues and partners. We're passionate about ensuring our customers are at the heart of everything we do. 

We’re also here to make this the most exciting place you’ll ever work.   With state of the art office spaces, regular events, games and team activities, along with some of the smartest colleagues you’ll ever meet, you won’t even feel like you’re working! It is full on here but we’re confident that working at Sportsbet will be the most exciting chapter in your career.

We’re Australia’s biggest corporate online bookmaker but “biggest” and “corporate” aren’t words you’ll often hear from us. We don’t do 9-5 or suits and ties. 

We’re constantly pushing the boundaries to challenge ourselves and those around us. Working with the latest in digital technologies to solve complex problems for our customers drives us. 

It’s chaotic and full on but there’s no denying our growth. We’re on an exciting journey and we’re set up to make sure our Sportsbettors get to come along and help us carve out their own path.

We are about doing things differently, usually with our tongues firmly in our cheeks! From the moment you walk in the door you’ll see that fun is at the heart of the way we work.  Who we are: 

The Machine Learning Society is a global community of Data Scientists, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence experts committed to advancing innovations in Science, Technology and Culture.

Find us in:
San Diego   |  New York   |  Boston  |  Bay Area 

What we do:

We host a variety of community building events designed to educate, engage, and inspire our community to push the boundaries of Artificial Intelligence research and application.

MLS focuses on providing resources for learning, networking, and career advancement opportunities by offering the following community services:

• Global Speaker Network
• Global Events Calendar
• The DOT (Database of Talent)
• Kaggle Competitions
• Hikes with a Data Scientist
• Hackathons

Learn more about MLS Initiatives at MLSociety.com

Why we do it:

We believe that “Magnetizing Intelligence” is a powerful formula for solving global challenges. We make a difference by establishing ecosystems for “Computational Explorers” to meet and share ideas.

Our Global Mission:

To bring together world-class data scientists to solve real world problems. Join our mission to optimize technology for a better quality of life.

How to Join:

We are actively seeking Volunteers, AI / ML Speakers, Organizational Alliances and Sponsors. Visit this MLSociety.com to get involved! Ranked the number one agricultural institute in Europe and number two in the world, INRA carries out mission-oriented research for high-quality and healthy foods, competitive and sustainable agriculture and a preserved and valorised environment.

http://www.inra.fr/en

More than 8200 people work at INRA in one of 18 research centres throughout France: scientists in more than 50 scientific fields as well as engineers, administrative staff and technicians in more than 90 professions. 

http://jobs.inra.fr/en The MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory – known as CSAIL ­– is the largest research laboratory at MIT and one of the world’s most important centers of information technology research. 
 
CSAIL has played a key role in the computer revolution and developments such as time-sharing, massive parallel computers, public key encryption, mass commercialization of robots, and much of the technology underlying the ARPANet, Internet and the World Wide Web. CSAIL’s focus is developing the architecture and innovative applications for tomorrow’s information technology. Our research yields long-term improvements in how people live and work. 

CSAIL members (former and current) have launched more than 100 companies, including 3Com, Lotus Development Corporation, RSA Data Security, Akamai, iRobot, Meraki, ITA Software, and Vertica. The Lab is home to the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C), Wireless@MIT, BigData@CSAIL, Cybersecurity@CSAIL and the MIT Information Policy Project (IPP).

Connecting to CSAIL
CSAIL Alliances is your organization's pathway to CSAIL connections and serves as a gateway into the lab for industry and governmental institutions seeking closer engagement to the work, researchers and students of CSAIL. The program provides organizations with a proactive and comprehensive approach to developing strong connections with all CSAIL has to offer. Leading organizations come to CSAIL to learn about our research, to recruit talented graduate students, and to explore collaborations with our researchers. Through this program, we are able to better provide our members with access to our latest thinking and our deep pool of exceptional human and informational resources. For more information, please visit: http://cap.csail.mit.edu/ Battle Resource Management, Inc. is an award-winning information technology services firm supporting government and commercial markets. We are an innovative, business process-driven IT solutions provider. We leverage deep knowledge of our client’s mission and operational processes to quickly deliver the right solutions. These customer partnerships enable long-term gains through reduced risk, lower costs, increased customer satisfaction and accelerated mission outcomes.  
 
Our solutions are driven by three delivery principles that maintain focus on creating value:
 • Optimization – Ensuring our customers’ business processes and technologies are clearly understood to determine what solutions work best.
 • Agility – Designing and building future-proof technical capabilities to flex with business demands and easily respond to dynamic environments.
 • Performance – Using visual analytics and data science tools to help customers make the right strategic and operational decisions. 
 
Our services framework includes: Application Development, Testing, and Deployment; IT Infrastructure/Cloud Transition; Data/Analytics/Visualization; Mission Enhancement; and  Agile | DevOps | CICD. 
 
BRMi is committed to delivering a higher quality of services to our clients to help them achieve clear success in their endeavors.  We want the right types of people to provide this service. 
 
BRMi seeks smart and aggressive people with a passion for learning, who are excited to optimize business processes, want to know not just what clients do now but what other organizations have done to solve similar problems and how that can be applied to the client’s needs. Smart people who can explain a solution or idea to a client, where they will hear you in a language they comprehend. If this sounds like you and you are interested in hands-on participation in growing a first-rate company, visit our website to view our open positions and submit a resume.

Careers - Apply Here: http://brmi.com/careers/ ID Analytics is a leader in consumer risk management with patented analytics, proven expertise and up-to-the-minute insight into consumer behavior. By combining proprietary data from the ID Network®—one of the nation’s largest networks of cross-industry consumer behavioral data—with advanced science, ID Analytics provides in-depth visibility into identity risk and creditworthiness. 

Every day, many of the largest U.S. companies rely on ID Analytics to make risk-based decisions that enhance revenue, reduce fraud, drive cost savings and protect consumers. Based in San Diego, California, ID Analytics is a Symantec company. Please visit us at www.idanalytics.com. Vertex Solutions Ltd are a specialist IT and technical recruitment company, with over 15 years of experience in consultancy, search and selection. We are knowledge leaders in the technology, research, software, development, science, IT and energy sectors, and pride ourselves on being preferred recruitment partners to many of the UK and Europe's brightest and most innovative companies.

We offer solutions within permanent and contract staffing arenas, as well as full project delivery and outsourcing.

We are proactive, determined and market-leading, and apply a high quality approach to your recruitment requirements, be you either candidate or client. We would love to hear from anyone interested in our services or pursuing new career progressions within our trading sectors. Please feel free to contact us.

For more information, visit: www.vertex-solutions.co.uk
Like us: www.facebook.com/VertexSolutionsInternational
Tweet us: @VertexSolutions

We are ever-expanding, and would love to hear from anyone keen to pursue recruitment sales and consultancy roles. Guangdong University of Technology (GDUT) is a multi-disciplinary university engaging with the international community. In the last 50 years the university has become a key educational and research institution in Guangdong province in Southern China with a reputation for producing highly qualified and respected graduates.
 
Located in Guangzhou, China's third largest city, GDUT has several campuses with a total land area of more than 2.23 square kilometers and a floor space of over 1.42 square kilometers. The University offers a wide range of courses in engineering, science and technology, business management, liberal arts and law, with major emphasis on the study of engineering. More than 2000 full-time teachers in the University support a student population of over 47,000 attaining degrees at Bachelor's, Master's and Doctoral levels. GDUT also enrolls international students and various levels of continuing education students.
 
GDUT boasts 19 faculties and schools, offering diverse courses in its 68 bachelor's programs, 61 master's programs, 19 PhD programs, and 4 post doctoral mobile stations. GDUT attaches great importance to scientific research and disciplinary development and has a strong record of achievement. According to the data published by ESI data base in 2012, the University’s engineering discipline is listed in ESI world’s top 1% ranking. National, province and local government projects have benefited for years from the contribution of GDUT research expertise. Furthermore, GDUT is developing an excellent overseas reputation as a valued partner in international joint research projects. University investments in research and teaching infrastructure include:
 
484 million RMB of equipment and devices to support teaching and research
The University Library has a collection of over 3.31 million volumes and over 6,957GB of electronic journals.
A network of research institutes, centers and labs across various fields and in collaborations with ... We are a high impact Talent Search firm based in Bengaluru.

We empower our clients with legions of extraordinary people. These clients range from the world’s most respected organizations to the most ingenious Start-ups in the Technology Space. A well-established and long-term relationship with our stakeholders helps us to capture a high pedigree of clients and candidates. Our continued rapid growth is a testament to the certainty our clients experience every day.

Founded in 2006, headquartered in Bengaluru, CareerXperts is a team of passionate and bright minds who have a solid understanding of the Global Technology Talent Hiring Ecosystem.

Our success is ascribed to the way we run our day to day operations in providing Total Recruitment Solutions. Our Recruitment Analytics Research facility enables our recruiters to perform better and thereby reduces the turnaround time to less than 48 hours on mid/senior search assignments, thus making it one of our core competencies.

Our technology strengths and new approaches to client experience management have made us an extended arm to over 120 clients spread across globally in 27 cities.

Search Areas – Key Skills: 

AI, DevSecOps, Cloud technologies, Data Science, Stream processing data , Backend Databases,Multi-cloud,Distributed Systems, Scalability, Large Scale Systems, Distributed Algorithms, Kernel, Distributed Storage, File Systems, Distributed Databases, MapReduce, Parallel Computing, NoSQL, Riak, Graph Databases, Voldemort, Cassandra, CouchDB, Neo4j, Redis, MongoDB, Socket.io, RabbitMQ, Memcached, ElasticSearch, Polyglot of Technologies, Gatling, Image science Algorithms, Mahout, HBase, Apache Kafka, Docker, Vagrant, Puppet, Elastic Load Balancing, Capistrano, RightScale, Cobbler, Mobile Devices, Multithreading, JVM, Garbage Collection, Java Performance, Java Concurrency, Low Latency, iOS Development,Android Development,Columnar Databases,TensorFlow,GoLearn,Swift AI,PredictionIO,scikit-learn .
 Are you looking for an ideal strategic partner? One who knows how to move the needle and move your product or service? Then, look no further. KERN produces immediate results and the ongoing success you’re looking for. 

KERN creates B2C and B2B integrated communications quickly and efficiently that help you retain profitable customers for the long haul. As a result, your cost per sale will be cut. Sales pipelines will be extended. And record results will be delivered to you in record time.

Our areas of expertise: digital, data and direct

With KERN’s wide knowledge base, you’ll get the results you’ve been looking for. From effective brand development to cutting-edge demand generation campaigns to multi-channel digital solutions, we deliver what you need. That even means traditional tactics too.

KERN offers you a unique skill set of services and expertise. We have blended the art and science of branding, marketing communications, large-scale customer acquisition, database marketing, social marketing, CRM marketing, analytics and campaign optimization into a well-oiled machine that will help you win market share and drive sales. All while maximizing ROI. www.calipercorp.com

Caliper is a global employee assessment and talent development company that has worked with Fortune 500 companies, governmental agencies, and non-profit organizations to help them align their talent with strategy, hire better people faster, and develop leaders, teams, and mission-critical employees.

Caliper offers a unique combination of rigorous behavioral science, leading-edge technology, and deep expertise to help its clients transform their businesses. 

The depth of our approach begins with our objective, accurate employee assessment instruments, which provide data for measuring potential, personality characteristics, individual motivations, likely behaviors and job-related progress. Our consultants then have the information they need to guide your organization to a higher level of performance. 

Our customized solutions are tailored to address the needs of your company today, as well as to promote growth in the future. IQ Workforce provides talent services for the analytics community.  
 
Analytics:  Digital, marketing & customer analytics, business analytics, BI, predictive analytics, data science, consumer insights, market research, big data

We provide talent:  Short-term or long-term, on-site or remote, full-time or part-time, project-based or daily rate, contract-to-hire, full-time search Metis accelerates your career in data science. Our immersive courses, designed by world-class industry practitioners, provide you with intensive, on-site instruction, access to an extensive network of speakers and mentors, and ongoing career coaching and job placement support. Our goal is to prepare you to succeed as a data scientist.

Metis data science bootcamps and courses are taught in New York City, San Francisco, Seattle, and Chicago.

Our philosophy is:

We strive, we sweat, we swear.
We go the extra mile.
We stage, we fail.
We try again. Get it right.
We learn. Connect. Come together.
Welcome to Metis.

We believe that the combination of collaboration and practice leads to better learning. Metis offers comprehensive courses in digital practices, designed to teach the skills needed to succeed in an increasingly digital world. Classes focus on real-world problems; work is hands-on, team-driven, and led by digital experts and industry leaders. Over the course of an intensive Metis class, students gain a fundamental understanding of the digital space that will enable them to begin, change, or improve their careers.
 TAQNIA SPACE Is a Subsidiary of The Saudi Technology Development and Investment Company (TAQNIA) that was established by royal decree. It is owned by PIF (Public Investment Fund). TAQNIA has signed a Strategic Partnership with King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology (KACST) under which KACST would provide TAQNIA with the studies and information related to all its products, services, and registered rights along with the technical support in all aspects for these products, services and registered rights.

Vision:
To be a leader in providing mobile / fixed SATCOM, Geospatial services, and satellites manufacturing.

Mission:
•	Provide Highly Secure Satellite Communications infrastructure
•	Provide voice, data, video communications, & TV Broadcasting
•	Provide High-Value Remote Sensing Data
•	Commercialize KACST’s Technological Developments
•	Human Capital Development Mode is an analytics platform designed to help data analysts and data scientists analyze, visualize, and share data.

Follow us:
http//twitter.com/ModeAnalytics
http://www.facebook.com/ModeAnalytics JENNINGS ProSearch is specialized in placing executive and senior level IT professionals in start-ups/consulting firms and mid-sized corporations.  Areas of expertise are CIO/CTO/VP roles and the following disciplines:  Cybersecurity/Risk & Compliance; Data Analytics/Data Science/Machine Learning; Software/Web Development; DevOps; Networking/Infrastructure.  

So, why hire a Recruiter?

An Executive Recruiter will broaden your set of candidates and get you to explore new ideas by taking you through a process that includes defining the role and factoring in intangibles like cultural fit.  You don’t always explore everyone when doing your own search- there are always more people out there.  They also reduce your opportunity costs by freeing you up to run your business. 

How do you pick the right recruiter?

You look for one that knows the type of talent you are hiring and has an active pipeline of candidates who will return their call.   Access is ubiquitous so the database is irrelevant.  You want the person who has been actively recruiting in this space in the last 1-2 years and can call the top 20 people and get a response when they are being hit by a ton of opportunities.   With Executive levels, you need someone who can have conversations about Executive level compensation, which can include a base/benefits, short term and long term incentives, stock/equity, paid incentives.

JENNINGS ProSearch can quickly provide you a broader set of candidates for your Executive IT roles and help you set up an efficient hiring process that will enhance your brand. 

For more information on how to attract and hire the top Sr technical talent IT Executives, contact Lori Jennings at 804.762.7336 or lori@jenningsprosearch.com.  Website with testimonials:  www.jenningsprosearch.com.


We offer a $1,000 referral fee for placed candidates. 

 CQuotient was acquired by Demandware in October 2014. For more information, please go to http://demandware.com

*********************
CQuotient is a Saas-based analytic software company that enables multi-channel retailers to earn greater spend and loyalty from their customers.

How?

Using transaction level data, our Customer Science platform identifies the key levers that shape each customer’s behavior. The platform then systematically personalizes customer marketing programs using those levers. The result is more relevant communication, increased loyalty and increased spend per customer per year. Homebase for the buyside investment professional. Non-anonymized fund research tracked on performance. Recruiting, analyst rankings, cap intro, more.
__

We are actively hiring talented professionals in multiple positions, including:

*Business Ops
*Data Science
*Sales
*Software Engineering

Email careers@sumzero.com with your CV to inquire. The Register, from Situation Publishing, is a leading global website for IT professionals.

Most Register readers are IT professionals - software engineers, database administrators, sysadmins, networking managers and so on, all the way up to CIOs. The Register covers the issues they face at work every day – in software, hardware, networking and IT security.

The Register is also known for its "off-duty"​ articles, on science, tech culture, and cult columnists such as BOFH and Verity Stob, which reflect our readers'​ many personal interests. Intent Media uses predictive analytics to help travel brands maximize revenue per visitor. Sophisticated machine learning capabilities — trained and fine tuned for years —  enable the company to serve ads and conversion-boosting user experiences based on a unique understanding of where a given user is in the shopping journey.

The company operates in more than 40 countries with hundreds of airline, hotel, car rental, online travel agency and meta-search partners around the globe, including nine of the top 10 OTAs and meta-search sites in North America. Parent company, Intent Media also operates Voyat, the market-leading provider of website personalization solutions that increase direct bookings for hoteliers. The Amsterdam Business School (ABS) is part of the University of Amsterdam (UvA) established in 1632 and currently one of the largest comprehensive universities in Europe. The ABS is one of two Schools within the Economics and Business department. The ABS is in the 1% (worldwide) business schools with the triple crown accreditation: AACSB, AMBA and EQUIS. 

The mission of the ABS is to offer an inspiring, international learning community to study business and management, where both staff and students can develop their capacities to optimum effect. The ABS is committed to advancing the understanding of business and its role in society, and to leverage synergies between the School and the Amsterdam metropolitan area. 

We want to create independent minds that have an impact in international business and society. 

We want to be seen as thought leaders on themes that are in the spotlights of international business. 

We want to be truly international in terms of student population, research and corporate partnerships. 

Finally, we want to be known for excellent research and teaching, outstanding students and flawless operations. The need for data scientists, data engineers, technologists, and quants is growing exponentially, but few employers are equipped to handle the nuances of this rapidly changing field.  Bringing in great data talent pays for itself many times over by driving innovation and improving operations across your company. That’s where Correlation One comes in. We help businesses to evaluate and train the world's best data talent. 

Our products and services help employers optimize their hiring of data talent.  In addition, our team of engineers and data scientists builds tools--like quantitative vetting platform, automated resume scoring and decision enhancing games--to solve your biggest data talent challenges. Callisto Media was inspired by a single, transformational idea: use data-driven insights to produce content that enables consumers to lead richer, healthier, more fulfilled lives.

With deep roots in technology and publishing, Callisto Media is harnessing the industry disrupting power of Big Data to create unparalleled understanding into consumer demand and the science of content. We use proprietary technology to identify and meet consumer demand, delivering timely content in sync with the market. Our titles uniquely serve the needs of the reader, enjoy consistent profitability, and delve into the long tail of opportunity.

We are an enterprising, collaborative culture backed by leading Silicon Valley venture capitalists. Our intellectually curious and driven team is made up of analysts, editors, designers, marketers and engineers based in the Bay Area and New York City and is aggressively expanding the breadth and depth of our portfolio in cooking, specialty diet, health and wellness, mind, body and spirit, parenting, kids, business and much more. Slice is online shopping, smarter. Slice’s technology automatically identifies e-receipts within inboxes and extracts every data point about every purchase to create digital commerce products that delight consumers and create business value for partners.  Slice is transforming online shopping and retail by unveiling never-before-seen digital commerce data via its e-commerce intelligence products, APIs and consumer applications. 

Slice operates a market research business, Slice Intelligence. With a methodology grounded in science, only Slice offers vital intelligence that is the pulse of the digital economy--actual purchases directly from online shoppers, on any device or location, reported daily. This is high-definition data.

Slice Intelligence is led by a team of measurement industry executives who have brought some of the most innovative and successful digital measurement products to market. Learn more at www.sliceintelligence.com and on twitter @SliceIntel. 

Based in San Mateo, CA, Slice is an independent, wholly-owned subsidiary of Rakuten.

About Slice Culture
We are a curious, creative team of people who love to solve big, challenging problems. We foster a culture of learning and thrive on continuous improvement through teamwork to build better products and a better company.

Slice was founded by proven entrepreneurs and offers the best of both words: a start-up with the backing of an established global company that is revolutionizing the internet services landscape, Rakuten. 

Slice was incubated as a research project at Stanford, where the best and brightest minds in machine learning set forth how to extract business value from the vast amount of unstructured purchase data from inboxes. When we took that project out of the lab and to the market, we retained the culture of excellence and personal growth,  with respect for a healthy work-life balance.  Because we love what we do and care about the people we work with. At Digital Science, we are actively working with entrepreneurs and developing software internally to make scientific research more efficient.

We are a technology company serving the needs of scientific research. We provide software and technology to serve a community we understand – scientific researchers. Many in our team started their careers as scientists so we know the daily challenges they face. Whether at the bench or in a research setting, our products help to simplify workflows and change the way science is done.

* We incubate and invest in interesting projects.
 
* We invest in promising start-ups and small businesses that serve the needs of scientists, many with a start in academic research settings.

* We develop tools internally.

* Our technology team develops products internally to stand alongside those of our portfolio companies. We have a strong reputation for encouraging innovation from within our team, and promoting their scientifically led side projects.

We’re also about changing the way science works. Find out more here: http://www.digital-science.com/ Core Digital Media is a leader in the online marketing and customer acquisition business.  Our websites LowerMyBills.com and ClassesUSA.com offer a diverse mix of products that are in high demand.  We operate in a fast paced, dynamic environment where everyone on the team “comes to win”.  Our work environment is highly entrepreneurial and our success comes from our employees who voice their opinions and ideas to facilitate growth to our bottom line.  Core Digital Media rewards hard work, promotes from within, supports career development and fosters a fun and friendly work environment.  

Here are some of the reasons for our success:

• Consistent Top 5 online advertiser.
• Over 10 million matched consumers in 2013.
• Innovative solutions in:
  - mortgage, education, insurance, auto loan and more.
• Industry-leading audience segmentation, lead scoring and analytics.
• Data-driven marketing delivering consistent, quality leads - at scale.
• Actively partnering with clients on advertising solutions:
  - Retargeting, Social Media, Attribution.

We are an Advertising Partner not a lead aggregator.  Our marketing group drives traffic:
• #3 Advertiser in Display.
• #5 Advertiser in Social.
• #4 Advertiser in Education Paid Search.
• #3 Advertiser in Mobile Display. The World Organisation for Animal Health is responsible for improving animal health and welfare worldwide. 

Created in 1924 as the "Office International des Epizooties"​ of which it has kept its historical acronym "OIE"​, it is one of the oldest and, with its 180 Member Countries, among the most representative intergovernmental organisations.

Present on all five continents with a network of 301 Reference Laboratories and Collaborating Centres and 13 Regional and Sub-regional Offices, the OIE manages the world animal health surveillance and alert system and plays a key role in veterinary scientific research and information. 

As the international reference organisation for animal health within the framework of the World Trade Organization SPS Agreement, the OIE develops sanitary standards that safeguard world trade in animals and animal products and ensure animal production food safety. The OIE is also the sole world organisation stting international Standards for animal welfare. 

The OIE’s missions also include ensuring transparency of the animal disease situation worldwide, including diseases transmissible to humans, strengthening of policies on animal production, food security and poverty reduction, implementing strategies for the prevention and management of risks at the animal–human interface and analysing the impact of climate and environmental changes on animal disease emergence and occurrence.

In a spirit of solidarity with all its Members, the OIE supports Veterinary Services in improving their good governance and compliance with OIE quality standards.
Stronger support for improving the quality of diagnostic and research laboratories, veterinary education and veterinary statutory bodies throughout the world is helping to consolidate the initiatives undertaken by the OIE to promote good governance and the global reduction of biological risks. At The Talent Source we are known as a trusted provider of Creative, Strategy & Technology talent to some of the world's top interactive agencies and brands. By focusing on connecting top talent to companies with purpose, and opportunities with impact, we enable our clients to compete in this digital first world. 

From Digital, Creative & Transformation Strategists, to Program & Project Management professionals with Fortune 500 & Advisory firm expertise, to our talented community of Digital and Creative divas,  you can be assured The Talent Source difference is derived from our professional services heritage, long term relationships and  Teaming philosophy, which is at the core of all we do.  

As a trusted talent acquisition partner, we are engaged to deliver talent on both a Permanent and Consulting basis to support a broad range of  Enterprise Transformation initiatives focused on Customer Experience,  Digital,  Mobility, Omni-chanel, Agile, Cloud, & CRM.

The Talent Source is proud to offer the following portfolio of services:

Digital Strategy, Creative & Technology Staffing 

Digital Strategy |  Ideation  |  Design |  Development 
Art Directors |  Creative  Directors
Front End Designers  UX  |  UI
Customer Experience  
Account Managers
Content Strategists | Copywriters
Interactive Producers | Interactive Project Managers
Data Science |  Big Data | Predictive Analytics 
Agilistas   Agile Coaches |  Scrum Masters
Technology Development & Architecture
Mobile Android |   iOS
Web  Java | Spring |  Boot |  | AKKA  |  AEM
eCommerce  ATG |  Hybris |  Demandware
Machine Learning |  RPA  |  AI
Cloud AWS | Azure 
Security Specialists
CRM  |  Salesforce 

Project Management Office |  PMO+ Services

PMO Establishment & Optimization
Project Portfolio Management (PPM)
Project Execution Resources  |  PMO Directors   |  Program Managers  |  Project Managers
Project Analysts & Administrators

Permanent Recruiting & Hi-Tech Executive Search Get In Touch! +44 (0)203 763 9500

Skillfinder International was founded in 2003 establishing itself as a trusted partner to our clients in the Technology & Financial Services arena.
We provide business and technology professionals either through recruitment or consulting services. 
We are specialists in various niche markets including:

•	Investment Banking
•	Fund Management
•	Private Banking / Wealth Management
•	Banking Operations
•	Digital Technologies
•	FinTech – Development, Infrastructure & Support
•	Risk & Regulatory Compliance
•	AI, Machine Learning, Quantitative & Data Science

With tailored services available across 22 countries, we are truly international with Skillfinder GmbH in Frankfurt and Skillfinder SARL in Luxembourg to better serve the local markets.
 IDBS is a leading global provider of advanced software for research and development (R&D) organizations to securely capture, manage, share and exploit structured and unstructured data.

We create cloud-based solutions that are designed to meet the challenges faced by organizations and their scientists with scientific data management and lab informatics. We enable our customers around the world to get back to what they do best: science.

We believe our technology and solutions have the power to help leading organizations, and their people, solve some of the world’s biggest challenges. Our drive for simplicity and innovation ensures we lead the way and transform R&D worldwide.

Our customers around the globe trust us with their data, their business and their success.

And our diverse customer list includes R&D-driven international companies in pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, agricultural sciences, chemicals, consumer goods, energy, engineering, food and beverage, and healthcare.

Founded in 1989 and privately held, IDBS is headquartered in the United Kingdom with offices across Europe, Asia and the United States.

IDBS remains a privately held company employing over 250 staff across the world and serving over 50,000 researchers in 25 countries – including 21 of the top 25 pharmaceutical companies. We design and create meaningful, intuitive and impactful consumer journeys across platforms and channels, guiding them towards discovering and ultimately, falling in love with our brands. Open Search Network is a young and dynamic headhunting company based in London focused on Data Experts. 
We are member of the Italian National Association for Artificial Intelligence (AI*IA http://www.aixia.it/)  and we can provide sales and technology professionals for permanent, contract and temporary projects, with skills and experience in the following fields:

•	Data Science (Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, IoT)
•	Data Engineering (Data Engineering, Data Management, Big Data Architecture)
•	Data Strategy (Blockchain, Cybersecurity, Cloud Transformation)

Type of profiles: Functional / Technical / Sales & PreSales

We are experienced in working with a variety of individuals and organisations - big multi-nationals, te h start-ups, niche agencies and highly skilled consultants.

We are passionate about what we do and we thrive on technology – we believe this is key to uniting the right people for the right opportunities. Profusion is a data science and marketing services company. We are experts in using data science to deliver effective marketing solutions for our clients. 

Our goal is to make your marketing more effective by using sophisticated analytical techniques to make sense of complex data and deliver measurable value.

Whether it is product recommendation engines, personalised multi-channel communications or single customer view, we have solutions that enhance what you can offer your customers. We also provide consultancy services and multi-channel campaign delivery via our team of marketing specialists. 

The best marketing initiatives put the customer at the centre of everything. This is why our focus is on delivering you services that prioritise the expectations, needs and preferences of your customers.

If you’d like to know more you can reach us on +44 20 7014 5450. We are currently hiring a number of positions, you can find these on our website www.profusion.com or email us on b.curious@profusion.com

Profusion's Family Values

Profusion is a close-knit family that defines itself by its values which cover how we work with each other, our clients and suppliers. The values are listed below and tell you what you can expect from us. 

We are client focused – we put our clients at the heart of everything we do to provide a highly-responsive, creative and excellent service

We believe in excellence – everything we do is completed to the highest possible standard. From the expert advice we provide, to the work we deliver, we do not settle for second best, we are uncompromising in our pursuit of excellence 

We are trusted – we are ethical, honest, straightforward and transparent in everything we do and we are proud to be a safe pair of hands 

We are one team – we support, collaborate and have fun with each other and our clients to make Profusion an awesome place to work and progress 

We are cutting-edge – we always think about innovative solutions to challenges by applying our knowledge of the latest technology and best practice to every situation

We are purposeful – we are a committed and ambitious company that aspires to constantly contribute to our colleagues, clients and society and not to simply make money
 We want to help our customers be better with credit so that they can enjoy the benefits it provides including financial flexibility and convenience. Our priority is to ensure that our products and services meet our customers’ needs.

Customers are at the heart of our Manifesto and our Manifesto is at the heart of our business strategy. It’s as simple as that.

NewDay Manifesto

We will help our customers be better with credit, providing products that responsibly meet their needs. Whether this is offering new ways of accessing credit with a leading retailer or providing tools to facilitate customers’ management of their accounts, we will continuously strive to help customers responsibly make the most of their credit.

We offer an alternative approach to financial services that is in touch with people and their lives. It is an approach grounded in customer knowledge and differentiated by our passion to deliver the products, services, tools and expertise that best meet our customers’ needs.

Our objective is simple, we want to help our customers be better with credit – so they can access the benefits it provides. It’s about putting them in control so that they can make the most of their credit.

Consequently, we offer Co-brand products that are integral to customers’ shopping experiences, strengthening their relationships with our partners by making customers feel recognised and rewarded for their loyalty. Our credit building products support customers’ needs to establish or improve their credit records, providing them with access to the flexibility and benefits that credit provides.

Underpinning our approach are four core principles for our business. These principles help cement our relationships with our customers, ensuring that they are enduring and rewarding

We have over 5.8million customers and receivables of over £2 billion, we provide credit for customers in 2 key sectors; near prime through our Own Brands Business  (Aqua, Marbles and Opus) and Co-brand through our Co-brands business.

Following an acquisition by Cinven and CVC in January 2017 we are transforming our ways of working; we are investing heavily in our digital transformation as well as data science and analytical capabilities.


 


 Ying Communications – a Finn Partners Company

B2B communications is, at its heart, a people-to-people business.

Our clients don’t communicate with faceless corporations. They aim to provide answers to managers struggling with operational or technical challenges. They want to inspire CEOs with ideas to push their business in exciting new directions. They need to motivate employees to hit sales targets. And sometimes they need to convince skeptical journalists that what they’re doing matters. That’s why they turn to us and why we’ve made it our mission to humanize the science of B2B communications.

Today, Ying Communications is represented by 35 dedicated B2B comms professionals in Singapore delivering an integrated suite of PR, Content Marketing, Digital / Social Media Management and Project Management services. We have more than 15 retainer clients covering key markets across the Asia Pacific region, ably supported by a network of tried and tested partners. 70% of our business comes from clients involved in growth markets of cloud computing, big data and analytics, as well as mobile and social platforms.

Across the marketing funnel from brand awareness and engagement through to leads generation and nurturing, we can help your business find, grow and sustain that sweet spot between what your clients care about and what you do better than anyone else. 

Talk to us. Or better yet, drop by for a drink. www.yingcomms.com Core Informatics partners with customers in biopharma, genomics, and other industries to build lab informatics solutions to derive more value and insight from their scientific data. All of Core’s products and solutions are built on the scalable and extensible Platform for Science. The Platform for Science is a cloud-based informatics platform, providing the underlying data management infrastructure for lab workflows, allowing end-to-end sample and specimen tracking across experiments, assays, and processes. Core Informatics’ LIMS, ELN, and SDMS as well as its communication products, Core Connect and Core Collaboration run on the platform.  PFS provides the scientific community with a flexible, cost effective and secure way to collect, store, analyze and share information. 

The business also offers an Application Marketplace to speed deployment and increase value for customers across a broad range of industries and scientific workflows. Core Informatics’ state-of-the-art laboratory data-management solutions are used by leading biopharma, genomics and other scientific and industrial organizations. 



 The MacArtney Group supplies products and engineering solutions to the worldwide Underwater Technology Market.

Our aspiration is to maintain our continued success by using our experience and our understanding of customers'​ expectation.

We understand the market demand for advanced technology and we consider it our responsibility to keep astride of these advances without any compromise, indeed it is essential to enable us to offer the best solutions.

We recognize the necessity to support our products, not only within our individual home markets, but also in more remote areas around the world. To this end, the MacArtney Group has established a network of companies in strategic locations around the globe.

The Headquarter of the Group is located in Esbjerg on the West Coast of Denmark - home to MacArtney A/S since it started in 1978, and still the main hub, providing logistical, technical, financial and marketing support to all of the companies within the Group.

Our customers want effective, realistic and sustainable solutions to their problems. Apart from our own products, we also represent some of the most advanced, competent and reliable manufacturers’ products in the Underwater Technology Industry.

We work with them on market and product development and we integrate and adapt their products to meet our customers needs. Brevitas - People, Process and Program Excellence ®

We  serve global leaders in the pharmaceutical, chemical, and  food and beverage industries. We are dedicated to helping organizations achieve tangible results and lasting improvements via successful project delivery, continuous process improvement and effective management of change. Our expert consultant’s have formal education in engineering and science based disciplines coupled with knowledge and experience in project management, operational efficiency, organizational change management, and compliance and technical assurances. The IE School of Human Sciences and Technology brings together IE’s former School of Social, Behavioral and Data Science  +  the School of Communication, adding an additional and critical emphasis on technology as a key driver of workplace performance. At its inception, the school launches with 420 students across its six master degrees and two bachelor degrees. We will achieve a rapid growth in the upcoming years, with plans to launch new and innovative degrees that combine its three core areas:  1) Behavioral Science, 2) Communications and Media, and 3) Data Science and Technology. Decisive Data is an end-to-end business analytics consultancy and thought leader. We deliver repeatable, actionable insight for making critical business decisions informed by data and science. 

We’re the best in the world at data visualization – our visualization methodology is widely recognized by industry leaders. We offer a full data analytics stack; data science, predictive analytics, data management, and application development. 

We have partnered with some of the leading companies in the world in technology, retail, manufacturing, healthcare, and other verticals to solve real problems and make decisions. We believe EVERY decision should be informed by data.


 IEc is an environmental consulting firm with three decades of experience providing consulting services to a diverse client base.  IEc consulting staff come from backgrounds that include policy, economics, finance, and science.  As a company, we tackle complex challenges through a combination of thoughtful analysis, creativity, and dedication to the specific needs of our clients. The quality of our work and the usefulness of our results define who we are. Codex Recruitment is a niche Data Analytics & EPM recruitment company. We provide honest and intelligent advice to both our candidates and clients and focus in specialist verticals to ensure that we are true market experts.

We place candidates at all levels within these markets, including:

CDO
Head of Analytics / Insight / Data
Finance Systems Manager
Data Scientist
Management Consultants (Partner to Consultant level)
Architects
Business Analysts, Developers, Administrators

We have a focus in the following markets:
Data Analytics & EPM

Data Analytics
Data Science - Machines Learning, Algorithms, R, Python
Data Visualisation - Qlikview, Tableau, Spotfire
EPM Hyperion, TM1, SAP BPC, SAP BFC, SAP PCM, Anaplan, Adaptive Planning, Tagetik, Board MIT, Axiom SL, Talentia
Traditional BI Tools - SAP BW, Cognos, Business Objects, OBIEE
Reporting - Pentaho, Microstrategy, Jaspersoft
ETL - Ab Initio, Informatica, Talend, Wherescape
Anaplan, Adaptive Planning, Board MIT, Axiom SL, Talentia The mission of Columbia University Medical Center’s Clinical and Translational Science Award (CTSA) is to transform the culture of research to accelerate the discovery and implementation of new treatments and prevention strategies of human health. Our core objective is to move the CUMC research communit to a more multi- and interdisciplinary scientific mindset by removing barriers and creating incentives for interactions among investigators from different disciplines. Irving Institute faculty include some of CUMC's most accomplished, senior researchers who provide leadership and serve as mentors for junior faculty, fellows, and trainees. We provide infrastructure support for clinical and translational research across the CUMC campus through numerous components, including groups with expertise in biomedical informatics, study design and statistical analyses, bioethics, regulatory issues, and community-based research. Comprising the former GCRC at CUMC in addition to providing a fully-staffed Clinical Research Resource, the Irving Institute also includes a multifaceted educational program with masters- and doctoral-level training programs and mentored research programs. The Irving Institute funds several pilot award programs aimed at helping junior faculty launch research careers, in addition to supporting several cores that help facilitate clinical and translational research at CUMC. Welcome to the Texas Advanced Computing Center! 

The Texas Advanced Computing Center (TACC) at The University of Texas at Austin is one of the leading centers of computational excellence in the United States. Since it began supporting researchers in 2001, TACC has expanded at a tremendous rate, both physically and computationally. From a staff of only 15, and one mid-level Cray supercomputer, TACC has grown to more than 150 staff and students, and multiple world-class advanced computing resources including Stampede2, Lonestar5, Hikari, Wrangler, Jetstream, Maverick, Stallion, Stockyard, Corral and Ranch.

The center's mission is to enable discoveries that advance science and society through the application of advanced computing technologies. To fulfill this mission, TACC identifies, evaluates, deploys, and supports powerful computing, visualization, and storage systems and software. TACC's staff experts help scientists and educators use these technologies effectively, and conduct research and development to make these technologies more powerful, more reliable, and easier to use. TACC staff also help encourage, educate, and train the next generation of researchers, empowering them to make discoveries that change the world.
 
If you are interested in applying for a position at TACC, taking a tour of our facilities, attending our training courses or classes at The University of Texas at Austin, or performing research with TACC systems, please visit our website: http://www.tacc.utexas.edu. The Supercomputing Center of Galicia, CESGA, is the center for high-performance computing, communications and advanced services used by the Scientific Community of Galicia, the University System of Galicia and the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC).
The mission of CESGA is: To provide high performance computing and advanced communications resources and services to the scientific community of Galicia and to the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC) as well as to institutions and enterprises with R&D activity, and To promote and conduct high quality research in Computational Science in close collaboration with the research community of Galicia as well as other regions or countries around the world thereby contributing to the advancement of science, the transfer of technology to industry and administrations, and as a consequence, the welfare of society as a whole.

Thus, the Centre’s main functions are:
● to supply high performance computing and advanced communications services to users,
● to manage the Science and Technology Communications Network of Galicia,
● to promote and develop cooperation between companies and institutions,
● to promote the use of innovative ICT, and
● to conduct research in Computational Science. We are a company driven by inquisitive data scientists, having developed a pragmatic and interdisciplinary approach, which has evolved over the decades working with over 100 clients across multiple industries. Combining several Data Science techniques from statistics, machine learning, deep learning, decision science, cognitive science, and business intelligence, with our ecosystem of technology platforms, we have produced unprecedented solutions. Welcome to the Data Science Analytics team that can do it all, from architecture to algorithms.

Our practice delivers data driven solutions, including Descriptive Analytics, Diagnostic Analytics, Predictive Analytics, and Prescriptive Analytics. We employ a number of technologies in the area of Big Data and Advanced Analytics such as DataStax (Cassandra), Databricks (Spark), Cloudera, Hortonworks, MapR, R, SAS, Matlab, SPSS and Advanced Data Visualizations. Independently named by FastCompany as one of the world’s most innovative companies in data science, Arimo’s Behavioral AI software is aimed at delivering predictive insights in commercial IoT applications. 

Arimo's capabilities harness the behaviors of machines, devices, customers, and other entities to provide the most accurate predictions utilizing Deep Learning. With Arimo Behavioral AI™, leading companies are creating competitive advantage through new predictive insights, and delivering new services to their customers.

Our strong team includes executives with deep product and engineering experience. They have held senior positions at Google, Yahoo, Amazon, SAP, Microsoft, and VMware. Team members hold advanced degrees in computer science and business from leading universities. Arimo was previously funded by Andreessen Horowitz, Lightspeed Ventures, and Bloomberg Beta.

To learn more, visit us at https://arimo.com/

For all media and event inquiries, please contact marketing[at]arimo.com Traditional Market Research has a poor record of making any real change and deliver true insight. Nepa is the frontrunner when it comes to data-driven decision making. Our passion is to find the quickest path from consumer data to execution; we call it Consumer Science. Our products enable fact based execution at every level of the organization on a daily basis, particularly for the front-line personnel. We promise this as we lean on knowledge from both consumer research and data science and have the ability to assign a financial value to every insight and recommendation. 

Nepa was founded in 2006 and listed on Nasdaq First North 2016. We have ongoing assignments in over 50 countries across five continents with local presence in Denmark, Finland, India, Norway, Sweden (HQ), the UK and the US, serving some of the world´s strongest global brands. 

Nepa has been awarded the DI Gazelle award for organic fast growing companies in Sweden in 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2017.

Visit us: nepa.com Frontier Science is a not-for-profit research foundation established in 1975 to advance the application of statistical science and practice and data management techniques in science, health care, and education. The Foundation is incorporated in the State of New York and has offices in Amherst, New York; Boston, Massachusetts and Madison, Wisconsin. It's not rocket science, it's a fine art.

Henry Nicholas is a specialist marketing, PR, data and insight, tech, digital and creative recruitment agency that's dedicated to advancing careers and growing businesses.

Our success comes down to building meaningful relationships with clients and candidates.
Yes, it's really that simple.

At Henry Nicholas HQ, you'll see no suits and we never resort to pushy sales tactics. Instead, you'll find a dedicated team of creative-thinkers with genuine industry recruitment experience, all possessing a real passion for what they do.

Job boards are great, but being proactive is better. We search high and low to secure the very best talent by getting out there and meeting people to grow our already substantial network of connections.

Whether you're looking for agency or in-house opportunities, or want to seek out the UK's best creative or data-driven talent, Henry Nicholas will make the difference.

Our talent and our people = Your talent and your people
 When the world’s most advanced manufacturers of rotating equipment need the world’s most accurate spin testing systems and services to evaluate the critical components they’re designing and fabricating, they turn to Test Devices, Inc.

Test Devices provides spin testing services and equipment to an array of demanding markets with exacting applications and requirements. For its many aerospace, aviation and power generation clients, Test Devices offers spin testing services and equipment that most closely represent operational engine environments. By providing comprehensive performance evaluation in realistic engine conditions, Test Devices helps its clients effectively validate performance at a fraction of the cost of full-engine testing

Test Devices also provides comprehensive spin testing services for energy storage, air handling, automotive, electronics, and medical devices.

Test Devices has developed the world’s most precise, accurate and efficient test equipment because the company operates a contract test laboratory serving these demanding industries. Staffed with skilled test designers and engineers, Test Devices incorporates the innovations we develop as test experts into the machines we design and sell. For over 40 years Test Devices has developed and advanced the science of centrifugal, vibratory and thermal stress testing – critical solutions engineers need to evaluate the integrity and validate the life of component parts.

Test Devices provides the comprehensive spin testing equipment, testing expertise and data that engineers and scientists need to refine their assumptions, improve their models and select the best materials; in short, to research and develop the safest, most reliable, best-performing products in the world.

Working with Test Devices Makes A World of Difference. THE KSRI IS A GLOBALLY LEADING SERVICE INSTITUTE.
____
The Karlsruhe Service Research Institute (KSRI) at the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT) fosters interdisciplinary service research in order to support and advance the progress of the service domain. Delivering innovative concepts and methods KSRI has a leading role in researching digital service systems.

As an innovative private-public-partnership between IBM, Bosch and the KIT, KSRI provides a service innovation hub and excellence in education for students, future researchers, and practitioners in the field of service science.


KSRI BRIDGES THE GAP BETWEEN THE ECONOMIC AND TECHNICAL ASPECTS OF DIGITAL SERVICE SYSTEMS.
____
To address these various facets, KSRI is organized as an interdisciplinary institute with six distinct research focuses.

| SMART SERVICES & IOT
researching innovative, data-driven services in digitalized production, logistics and energy management.

| DIGITAL BUSINESS MODELS & PROCESSES
researching the utilization of emerging technologies for the design of disruptive digital services.

| HEALTH CARE SERVICES
with research on improving processes in health care by applying analytics and optimization techniques and designing user assistant systems.

| (E)MOBILITY SERVICES
researching customer needs in individual mobility and mobility related services with a focus on electric vehicles and their impact on the electricity system.

| PARTICIPATION & CROWD SERVICES
researching the design, implementation and optimization of crowd-based approaches and corresponding platforms.

| DIGITAL SUPPLY CHAIN
researching topics related to the use of cognitive systems, supply chain risk management, and cross-channel distribution logistics.
                   Elula is a leading provider of Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning, Advanced Analytics and Data Visualisation products and services. Our tools empower leaders to make data driven decisions, focus their team on the highest value work, and optimise their workforce, inventory, supply chain,  infrastructure and transport networks. This delivers enhanced customer experience, cost savings, and revenue uplift.
  
We are passionate about revolutionising how businesses operate by pioneering the Artificial Intelligence revolution at work and delivering game-changing business outcomes. We are focused on solving complex problems, delivering actionable insights, driving exceptional commercial value and embedding cultural change.

Elula operates across all business functions and industries, such as banking, insurance, telecommunications, retail, logistics, infrastructure, utilities, government, transport and health. Our team of data visualisation designers, modellers, analysts, developers, data scientists, and AI experts bring together vast global, multi-industry experience. Retail and Analytics Experts

Cognira consultants help you improve your planning, pricing and supply chain processes by leveraging decades of experience implementing, tuning and realizing benefits from analytical systems at top retailers.

We know retail. We love data. As a top independent open source software integrator in the US, we provide our customers a unique combination of open source business process consulting and improvements. Our seasoned teams of maestros live to help synchronize and integrate manufacturing as well as online retail engines, including the aggregation of processes and separate independent systems with open source technology customizations. Our capability is end to end within the business process improvement category.
 
We built Open Source Integrators (OSI) to provide open source accounting, CRM, and e-commerce platform empowerment that includes real-time big data and AI leading the way.  Our consultants work personally with each of our open source software clients to analyze the challenges facing their operations, unleash the power of their data, and achieve their specific ERP and ROI business goals.
 
We work together with ERP-focused clients to find the best strategies for reaching their objectives while developing and customizing or maintaining, hands-on, the right open source software platforms, integrations, and smart mash-ups. Our mission is to help optimize their business processes and promote improved business results that lead to a competitive advantage within their industry.
 
Our open source software consultants are invested in the process of understanding your requirements first and foremost, and then tailoring our approach to your specific needs and objectives. The power of ERP can now be purposed to optimize both your supply chain and your customers’ experiences, all in stride.

We believe ERP done right means improving your organization as an entire system, allowing the discovery of relationships between components and processes, and cascading effects of decisions and open source software opportunities that may be hidden at the departmental levels or within the data. 
 Blackcoffer is an India and European Union (Malta) based enterprise software and analytics consulting firm founded by IIT alumni. Data driven, technology and decision science firm focused exclusively on big data & analytics, data driven dashboards, applications development, information management and consulting of any kind, from any source, at massive scale.

We are young, global consulting shop helping enterprises and entrepreneurs to solve big data & analytics, data driven dashboards, applications development, and information management problems to minimize risk, explore opportunities for future growth and increase profits more effectively.

We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data, data driven dashboards, applications development and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-level human expertise.

Our global, national and regional clients lead many potential markets. Our top client interests are in: Internet of Things (IOT), Healthcare, Financial Services, Consultancy, Government, Energy, Education, Research, Engineering, Retail, Supply Chain, Ecommerce and Telecommunications. As commodity-trading strategies evolve in response to the digitization of global markets, organisations continue to explore ways to develop and enhance their trading, risk management, logistics and finance systems. A flexible, experienced IT recruitment partnership should be a top priority to these businesses, as restructuring or diversification of an organisation is likely to lead to attraction of the industry’s top talent.

Commoditas is a specialist commodities IT recruitment business, helping organisations to bridge the gap between headhunting and consulting services, thus increasing organisations bench strength required to devise and execute strategy for current and future hiring and project deployment needs.

Our passion, knowledge and connections compliment the most innovative recruitment and available consulting methods in the market, ensuring a professional and result-oriented service; supplying highly skilled individuals and teams possessing the expertise sought after by the world’s leading trading and technology organisations.

Our specialties, include:

Energy/Commodity Trading & Risk Management 
Data Management & Science  
Distributed Ledger Technology (Blockchain) 
Artificial Intelligence 
Supply Chain & Logistics 
Treasury Management Systems 
RegTech 

We provide jobs and people: 

C-Level 
Change & Transformation 
Project & Programme Management  
Functional & Technical Architecture 
Data Science  
Business Analysis 
Consultancy 
Pre-Sales
E/CTRM, Blockchain, AI, TMS SME 
Product & Technical Development 
Testing & Support 
 Labscoop was launched in January 2014, set on a path that will fundamentally change the way scientists shop for lab reagents, consumables, and equipment. Our company strives to create an amazing user experience for scientists with in-depth product peer reviews, comprehensive product specifications and associated data files that will allows scientists to quickly and easily search, compare and order products while also keeping track of their lab inventory.

For scientists, purchasing products for an experiment could mean spending a tremendous amount of time searching and ordering products, jumping from site to site, logging into multiple company accounts, with multiple usernames, passwords, going through multiple checkout processes. Labscoop solves this by facilitating a one stop shopping portal with streamlined order management with products from industry leading vendors and also vendors that you may have never heard of. We offer a comprehensive product catalog where scientists can search, shop and compare millions of products with an integrated inventory management system and numerous other features designed to make supply chain management easier on the biomedical scientist.

It has been shown time and time again that is the research industry, word-of-mouth is the most powerful factor in influencing sales decisions. We are committed to developing a platform that allows scientists to do just that – record and share their experiences and give feedback on specific products. Our focus is to create a global scientific community in which we can accelerate the progress of scientific discovery, while ensuring maximum utilization of research funding. Assurance Pharma is a UK based recruitment business specialising in the placement of industry professionals within the pharmaceutical, medical device and biotechnology industries with organisations across Europe.

Catering from mid level through to upper management positions in small, medium and large companies, Assurance Pharma offers a professional, ethical and knowledgeable approach to the clinical, manufacturing, compliance and post approval positions within the life science industries.

Various functional disciplines that we recruit for within the life science industry are;

Pharmacovigilance,  Drug Safety and Medical Information
Compliance, Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs
Clinical Research and Data Management
Drug Development and Pre-Clinical
Medical Affairs and Marketing
Production and Engineering
Supply Chain and Logistics Delivery Science is a technology company providing solutions to large organisations which provides data, visibility and control to manage and monitor its distribution assets.

Our product FieldInsight uses mobile forms to help large organisations in Africa with Field workers get data from the Field. V-Net bring the art and science of inventory management together

We are an inventory management and category management solutions service provider. 

We have been operating in the Asia Pacific region since October 2002.

V-Net captures information from all points of the supply chain from consumer sales at a daily store and item level, through to warehouse shipments and stock inventory levels from each store and distribution centre. 

V-Net is currently importing data from over 3,000 retail stores within the Asia Pacific region on a daily basis. The retail POS data is imported on a daily basis at a store and product level. 

Using this consumer demand data the solution processes the information through complex benchmarking and forecasting models to create demand plans and actionable outcomes that can either drive an actual retailer reverse purchase order or be used for improved planning purposes and detailed category management. Export Abroad takes a data driven approach to logistics and trade. We utilize advanced analytics to approach the challenges that logistics face in a new way. We strongly believe that as connectivity continues to increase, leveraging data will become increasingly important.

Our tools consist web applications that automate global expansion and optimize operations. Our first tool is a market research tool that identifies a company's top international markets based on their product line. Our tool saves an average of 8+ hours of work and $3,000 per report. Completed projects include: cloud migration, lead generation/prioritization, network optimization, and route optimization.

Companies who are interested in optimizing their: operations, sales, or customer service; please don't hesitate to reach out to info@exportabroad.com

P.S. We love building custom solutions :) Accelerant is a process driven, full service provider specializing Life sciences and High Technology industry. 
Life Science services
- Product strategy
- Clinical and regulatory
- Quality & Safety
- Technology Solutions
- Analytics & Insights
High Tech Services
- Product engineering
- Business transformation Nommon provides decision support tools and consulting services for organisational intelligence and policy assessment. Our goal is to assist both private and public organizations in creating sustainable value, by helping them make better-informed decisions in complex and uncertain environments.

We apply the state of the art in complex systems science and information technologies to integrate analytical and simulation models with supporting databases, offering our customers virtual laboratories to assess the impact of a set of potential strategies under different scenarios. Our tools mine real-world data sets to seek apparently hidden relations in the behaviour of complex socio-technical systems. These relations are then translated into predictive models to analyse the cause-effect relationships between control variables and performance indicators, and the trade-offs therein.

We work in sectors dealing with systems whose performance emerges from the complex interaction of interdependent policies and regulatory regimes, demographic and sociological trends, infrastructures, technologies, and market conditions:
- Air transport
- Smart cities and urban planning
- Logistics and supply chain
- Energy
- Environment and climate change Metafused is an award-winning AI company helping banks and corporates predict liquidity and improve efficiencies by at least 20%. Its team are alumni of MIT, Wharton, EMC and Siemens, HP and First Data. 

It has built a unique technology over the last two years which processes 7.5 billion data points to create 40 million event triggers which are prioritised into 80+ intent models. 

The company works with blue-chip clients in financial services and retail logistics in the UK, Europe and USA. thdata is a Software company located in Berlin. Since 1998 we develop software solutions for manufacturing companies: logistic- and production planning, product cost calculation and supply chain management solutions. Our clients range from the world’s leading multinational companies to midsize businesses. Our international team consists of highly qualified people with degrees in computer science, engineering and economics.

Our Supply Chain Mapping Software AMERIGO enables the visualization of the whole supply chain network – from raw material to final product.
AMERIGO simulates all kind of scenarios and hence enables risk mitigation through proactive recovery planning. 
More information: http://www.supply-chain-mapping.com Widget Brain believes that a smarter world is a better world where companies make data-driven decisions. A world where every company becomes a software company in need of algorithms to improve their business performance. 

Our software enables autonomous decision-making in operations. Our algorithms provide superior service, lower costs and create a more sustainable business. We help our customers to successfully transform to the digital ecosystem. 

Connect to our world-class algorithms for retail, industrial equipment, maritime and waste. We guarantee easy integration, scale, speed and security.
 MOSIMTEC, a modeling and simulation services firm that enables businesses to leverage modern advancements in predictive analytics, assists clients in making better decisions through the application of advanced decision support tools. MOSIMTEC leverages modern advancements in modeling and simulation science and technology to solve complex issues for clients across various industries. They provide consulting, training and software support in model development, computer simulation, validation, verification, and output analysis. The MOSIMTEC team has extensive experience working with leading computer simulation software. MOSIMTEC helps predict outcomes, prescribe actions and improve operations for clients across various industries.

Modeling and Simulation (M&S) is a mostly untapped resource in the Industrial Engineers toolkit and we firmly believe that it could serve as an engineering and science discipline all its own.

The MOSIMTEC concept is different from traditional engineering and consulting services.  It is based on the paradigm that technology will be instrumental in decision making.  Sophisticated computer simulation software in combination with ever increasing processing speed and memory will enable decision support tools to deliver deep insight in a complex, dynamic, and real-time world. Whether you’re a marketer, analyst, risk manager or business intelligence expert, you know how important it is generate predictive analytics models with the help of data science.
 
Now you can.
 
DMWay Analytics provides subject matter experts with an easy, self-service predictive analytics platform so you can make data-driven decisions about your businesses in minutes.  Our solution includes an analytics engine and a scoring engine, which produce a validated and ready-to deploy model, at least as good as one produced by a human data scientist.
 
The result: predictive analytics becomes another decision support tool, which is pervasive and used by every business department in every sector, generating a data-driven culture that benefits your business.
 
We believe our predictive analytics platform is the easiest, fastest, most dynamic and accurate one on the market. And it is made for non-scientists by design.
 
Data science doesn’t have to be rocket science.
 
For your free demo, visit http://dmway.com/request-demo/ Caerus Associates is a research and analysis firm. We push the boundaries of social and data science to help clients understand and thrive in complex, dynamic environments.

Finding Meaning in Complexity
Building on our flagship work in big data analytics, we apply techniques from the social and data sciences to find meaning in complexity. We combine creative tools from industrial and urban design, applied social science, big data analytics, and new tech innovations to model frontier and conflict environments. By working with clients to translate meaningful behaviors into data—and back again—we support actionable insights by identifying “honest signals” in complex, local environments.

Leading-edge Technologies, Tailored Products
Clients come to Caerus because they find off-the-shelf solutions insufficiently tuned to their organizations’ most challenging research questions. We stand on the shoulders of giants by incorporating leading-edge technologies and analytic methods into our process, but deliver tailored products or tools that solve distinctive, complex problems with a high degree of accuracy. This allows our clients to focus attention and resources where they have the greatest impact.

Wide-ranging Experience
Caerus is proud of its work supporting US and allied government efforts at home and overseas. Caerus also partners with other organizations to advance understanding of conflicts around the world. In the private sector, our clients include financial institutions, media companies, non-profit and philanthropic organizations, legal institutions, and technology companies. RASA is a CRO offering solutions and services in the area of Life sciences. With our combined experience in Bio-informatics and Chemo-informatics and strong advisory board, RASA is set to provide premium services in technology solutions, product development and training. We provide our customers with a seamless model of our wide expertise and comprehensive platforms.

We are one of the emerging Bio-IT company  based in Pune dealing with broad aspects of life science informatics such as Next generation sequencing, Bioinformatics, Drug discovery, Biological database development, Data curation, etc. Being able to achieve success since our establishment, we are always dedicated to improve our quality of service and bring out best suitable results for you and evolved with best name in the field of life science.
 
We would like to approach  for possible collaboration with regards to  data curation and other related BIO-IT services such as biological database development, software and data analysis. If your company  outsources any of these services, we would like to present ourselves and would like to be part of your growth.  ArrowStream is the first company to develop innovative solutions that address both supply chain management and inbound logistics, optimizing powerful data to provide unprecedented levels of transparency, control, and actionable insight.  ArrowStream has been serving the food industry for over 18 years, combining proven supply chain expertise with data science and analytics to help clients rethink and optimize their supply chains. Industry leaders nationwide trust ArrowStream to proactively manage their supply chains, dealing with issues well in advance of the impact.  

ArrowStream connects restaurants, distributors, suppliers, freight forward carriers.  Customers include US Foods, Slim Chickens, Hardee's, Raising Cain,  Ben E. Keith, QSCC, Shake Shake, Focus Brands, SMS, Hooters, CraftWorks, Firehouse Subs, Panda Restaurant Group, Popeyes among others.

Ready to rethink your supply chain? For more information, please visit www.arrowstream.com. We would love to hear from you on Facebook (www.facebook.com/ArrowStream) Twitter (@arrowstream1), LinkedIn, or good old-fashioned e-mail (info@arrowstream.com). With access to data today nearly limitless, and time constraints mounting, there’s an increasing pressure to react in the moment. The price of this speed to action is that businesses and brands often overlook fundamental patterns of how customers behave and decisions are made. 

Greenberg Strategy is a strategy and research consultancy focused on helping organizations identify the human patterns that impact their businesses. Our WholeHuman™ approach blends the art and science of tapping emotional, rational and instinctual responses to reveal the deeper truths that drive measurable, actionable business and brand success. 

Founded in 1997, we’re a team of brand strategists, researchers, communicators and creatives passionate about originating and activating insights-driven solutions that fuel brand transformation, innovation and growth.

We work locally and globally with a broad range of businesses – established leaders, emerging innovators, and category creators. Our focus is on technology, media, energy, retail, food and beverage, entertainment and hospitality, financial services, healthcare, government/public sector and non-profits.

 Aviso offers the industry’s most powerful AI-driven forecasting and sales visibility platform. Armed with Aviso, executives, managers, reps and sales operations leaders in large, multi-level sales organizations at Apttus, MongoDB, RingCentral, Splunk and others take control of sales performance and make informed decisions that accelerate sales growth. Only Aviso leverages Artificial Intelligence to provide data-driven forecasts, 360-degree visibility into sales performance and pipeline health, an automated rollup, and machine learning insight into deals and pipeline value to provide a clear path to achieve both current and future goals. Aviso is headquartered in Redwood City, CA. For additional information, visit us at www.aviso.com or follow us at @AvisoInc. Kno.e.sis is a world-class research center that uses semantic, cognitive, and perceptual computing for gathering insights from physical/IoT,  cyber/Web, social and enterprise (e.g., clinical) big data. We innovate and employ semantic web, machine learning, NLP/IR, data mining, network science and cloud computing techniques. Our highly interdisciplinary research impact health and clinical applications, biomedical and translational research, epidemiology, cognitive science, social good,  policy, development, etc. 

Kno.e.sis is highly successful in its primary mission of exceptional student outcomes: they have exceptional publication and real-world impact (http://j.mp/kimpact), and our PhDs compete with their counterparts from top 10 schools for initial jobs in research universities, top industry research labs and highly competitive companies, while a few have been successful entrepreneurs.   Kno.e.sis is exceptionally well funded, largely from highly competitive funds from NSF, NIH and DoD. We have around 60 funded researchers (BS/MS/PhD students, postdocs/scholars), a couple of SW engineers, and staff, along with ~15 faculty members.  Our main cloud infrastructure has 864 CPUs, 17TB main, 18TB SSD and 435TB disk storage.

A key reason for Kno.e.sis'​ success is its unique work culture involving  teamwork to solve complex problems. Practically all our work involves real world challenges, real-world data, interdisciplinary collaborators, path-breaking research to solve the challenges, real-world deployments, real world use, and measurable real world impact. These are demonstrable in diverse forms such as policy impact (e.g., FDA advisory), operational real-time use of our tools to save lives during disasters,  open source data and tools, and licensing/tech transfer and commercialization of our technology  used to launch a local startup. Browse through our posts to get to know us better. Biosector 2 is part of Syneos Health Communications, the only healthcare communications network that is part of a company on the frontlines of healthcare. Our advertising, public relations, medical communications, digital, data science, research and market access specialists have the ability to tap the expertise of clinical and commercial colleagues worldwide to infuse programs with deep therapeutic and analytic insights. We work in scalable, collaborative teams that partner across disciplines and geographies to deliver integrated communications strategies that accelerate brand performance. dataffirm is an alternative investment manager that uses advanced data science to make investment decisions. We use “big data” against which we apply a range of Artificial Intelligence techniques including NLP, machine learning and pattern recognition. 

We are an independent privately owned company founded by our management and EQT, a leading global private equity firm. The company has secured approximately $25m in venture finance. 

Our employees have previously worked at the world’s leading technology and financial services firms and educated at the world’s leading institutions. 

dataffirm is hiring exceptional data scientists and software engineers to join our growing team. We are hiring at various levels of experience. Please send your CV to recruitment@dataffirm.com. ASA is a global science and technology solutions company. Through consulting, environmental modeling, and application development, ASA helps a diverse range of clients in government, industry, and academics investigate their issues of concern and obtain functional answers. ASA’s solutions are based on applied science and advanced research. Our services and products, along with our staff’s diverse technical backgrounds, are specialized in the analysis of marine, freshwater, air, and land resources; computer modeling of physical, chemical, and biological processes; geographic information systems (GIS); operational research; and data display.

Since 1979 and in over 100 countries, ASA has been providing services and custom solutions to sectors including energy, environment, construction, defense, security, emergency management, transportation, and shipping.  Our clients include government agencies, major corporations, environmental and regulatory consulting firms, legal firms, and research and academic institutions.

Headquartered in Narragansett, Rhode Island, ASA also has offices in Seattle, Brazil, and Australia. The company’s website, www.asascience.com, contains numerous scientific reports written by its staff and extensive information about its products and services. Our product will allow first responders and clinicians to diagnose the severity of a brain injury in any setting quickly, accurately, and inexpensively. 
  
Everyone is at risk of suffering a traumatic brain injury (TBI) - athletes, soldiers, motorists, pedestrians, seniors, children. Early and accurate diagnosis of TBI is essential for positive outcomes. Existing diagnostic tools are inadequate because they’re imprecise, invasive, costly, or simply unavailable because they require experienced clinicians.

At Neural Analytics, we are building a product that will be simple to use, affordable and available in many clinical and non-clinical settings for diagnosing and monitoring of brain trauma. At HAL Robotics, we help enterprise improve their operating business matrices by deploying our  - “home grown AI-powered IoT data platform which is interwoven with custom-designed special purpose hardware sensors”. HAL Robotics is bringing froth a new paradigm for #multistackcomputing, by distributing intelligence across every layer of tech stack. 

Traditional sensor systems, because of its complex and complicated infrastructural deployment hasn’t only been corroding large investments (made by enterprise), but also been proving ineffective from business matrices standpoint, amidst such fast changing business dynamics. Also, due to its cost and complexity of deployment many enterprises, despite their pressing business needs, kept deferring their plans to onboard such technologies. At HAL Robotics, we are here to disrupt this old, ineffective, wishy-washy and inaccessible world of sensor systems.

At HAL Robotics, We are on a mission to make every physical object a thinking machine; enabling enterprises to become #ResourceSmart enhancing speed and accuracy of decision making like never before.

HAL Robotics ensures seamless interactive between Hardware, Data science, API layer, Visualization layer, Alert actuators, Predictive and descriptive analytics over #multistackcomputing TM. 
 Schireson is a strategy consulting firm with offices in New York, Seattle, Boston, and Austin.  We deliver truly custom strategies to our clients built on a foundation of data science, advanced research, cultural fluency, and strong business experience.

Our solutions come from data and insights in context informed by more than a decade of experience exploring the dialectic of culture and technology that is driving disruption and reinvention across industries.  The result is a new kind of customer intelligence.  True customer intimacy.  Fuel for innovation. Illumination Works (ILW) is a solution enablement company with deep expertise and experience in designing and building powerful infrastructures for big data, advanced analytics, data warehousing, and business intelligence solutions. Founded in 2006, ILW has grown its expertise from traditional data warehouse and business intelligence implementations to the latest big data technologies with massive parallel processing, producing the predictive analytics and visualization capabilities. ILW has hands-on experience in both government and commercial implementations.

With the explosion of today’s data paradigm—behavioral, social, sensor, and spatial data sources, personal and wearable devices, cloud computing, wireless connectivity, and advances in infrastructure technologies—ILW specializes in aligning data solutions with new types of data and analytical processing workloads.  ILW builds scaled data platforms to accommodate increased data volumes and provide greater flexibility for non-traditional data sources. Our developers, architects, and data scientists are at the forefront of value-driven big data analytics with proven results ranging from agile development of a complex big data environment for a top 25 retailer to applying data science to Air Force maintenance data using modern text mining, advanced machine learning, and sound statistics to analyze, mine, cleanse, merge, explore, and expose data for condition based maintenance. ILW provides customers with accurate and meaningful data for insights and predictions that result in quick wins and long-term success.

We have offices in Dayton, Cincinnati, and Columbus, Ohio. Acalvio is an innovator in delivering Advanced Defense solutions using a combination of Distributed Deception and Data Science technologies. Led by a seasoned team of security, networking, data science professionals, Acalvio allows security practitioners in detecting, engaging and responding to malicious activity with high precision in a timely and cost-effective fashion. Rubikloud is changing retail with intelligent decision automation using AI. 

Based in Toronto, Canada, our full stack, cloud-native machine learning platform and two flagship AI applications (Promotion Manager & Customer LifeCycle Manager) automate and improve mass promotional planning and loyalty driven marketing for our multi-billion dollar retailers. 

We believe that making intelligent decisions can be made easier with AI and today we have multi-billion-dollar clients with retail brands operating in North America, Europe, and Asia.

To learn more about us visit www.rubikloud.ai

Since we started in 2013, we have grown quickly from our three co-founders (Kerry, Dan, and Frank) to a team of nearly 100 Rubikrew.  We are brilliant engineers and professionals that have come together to solve problems that are difficult or too challenging for others.  

Interested in joining us?  Check out www.rubikloud.com/careers/ By combining advanced data science and machine learning capabilities with the latest clinical research, Spreemo Health  develops objective, data-driven quality metrics and  intelligent algorithms to enable Fortune 500 employers, insurance carriers, and patients to identify the best physicians nationwide – the physicians who have been proven to deliver better care and outcomes for patients. Spreemo Health is at the forefront of the science of quality and the healthcare industry's transition to value-based care. Stone Bond Technologies offers effective solutions for a large variety of business challenges. Our core product, Enterprise Enabler®, provides a range of capabilities that enable companies to access, manage, and integrate data regardless of where it may live.

Stone Bond’s .NET based integration software for SharePoint provides powerful and flexible SharePoint Connectivity. Stone Bond’s SharePoint product automates data extraction and presentation from multiple sources simultaneously, aligned and mapped through virtual cross-application relationships, without any custome coding

Stone Bond's EE-LIMS is a fully configurable workflow management solution that helps Life Science Laboratories streamline assets and share essential information. EE-LIMS is designed to adapt and tailor to fit a customer’s particular requirements.  By automating all processes, EE-LIMS creates a single integrated system that handles requests for services, equipment scheduling, administrative tasks, audit reports, grant submittals, and billing functions, all in a secure environment. In a world where the pace of change is constantly increasing, how do you take control of your business?

Adapt faster.

GoDataDriven provides the data consultancy you need to transform your business into a DataDriven enterprise that can respond quickly to change.

GoDataDriven develops custom data solutions and predictive models to ensure your business is in front of the wave. Our dedicated team of experienced data engineers and business-savvy data scientists sets us apart. We combine the best Big Data and machine learning technologies to help your organization become truly DataDriven.

Learn more about our work: https://godatadriven.com/customers SparkBeyond has built an AI-powered research engine, capable of finding complex patterns in data by understanding their meaning. Operating at the intersection of Data Science and Artificial Intelligence fields, our Machine Learning technology is being used by Fortune 500 customers in the Finance, Manufacturing, Life-Sciences, Energy, e-Commerce, Internet and Healthcare industries.

Founded by Artificial Intelligence visionaries and Machine Learning experts in 2013, our vision is to harness humanity’s collective intelligence to solve the world’s toughest problems. We combine state-of-the-art artificial intelligence technology with large-scale computing to accelerate breakthroughs that are hidden in the data.

Our mission is to automate and scale the creative part of Data Science, empowering Data Scientists, Researchers and Business Analysts with a machine that constantly analyzes the data and surfaces discoveries, automatically. 

Curretnly we're looking for Data Scientists to join our team in NYC and in Boston - believe you’ve got what it takes? Head over to our Careers page and apply today: http://www.sparkbeyond.com/careers DAC Group is one of the largest independent digital marketing agencies in North America, with a growing international footprint in the US, Canada and Europe. It specializes in the localization of campaigns, creative, content and calls to action and uses strategic insight, performance marketing, proprietary technology and digital strategy to drive business results. 
 Spiderbook is an account-based sales and marketing platform that uses data science to give you qualified accounts with the same knowledge and intuition as a strategic account manager. It also drives sales by helping salespeople with account plans that provide the entire buying committee and 1-on-1 personalized messaging to engage them effectively.

Behind the scenes is a connected data set of every company in the world, with their suppliers, partners, competitors, customers, products and priorities.

We apply natural language understanding and machine learning to understand and organize the entire business internet. GALE helps brands solve complex challenges through our integrated consultancy and agency offering. Headquartered in New York with offices in Toronto and Bangalore, our teams are connected by a set of core values that inform everything we do, from how we hire to how we work together: values like Everyone Matters, No Silos, and Masters of Our Craft.
  Digilant offers programmatic buying solutions and services designed for independent agencies and brands that are increasing their advertising spending. Using data science to unlock proprietary and complex audience data, Digilant enables brands to uncover ‘new’ customers and provide the actionable intelligence they need to compete across every important media channel.  For more information, visit us at www.digilant.com or follow us on Twitter @Digilant_US.


Headquartered in Boston, Digilant has offices in New York, Chicago and San Francisco, and across the globe in Barcelona, Bogota, Lima, London, Madrid, Mexico City, Monterrey, and Santiago. For more information please visit www.digilant.com or follow us on Twitter @Digilant_US.  Digilant is an ispDigital Group Company (www.ispdigital.com). BzzAgent, dunnhumby’s advocacy marketing arm, helps the world’s largest brands engage everyday influencers to drive sales. BzzAgent provides brands with a powerful engagement platform to inspire our everyday influencers, BzzAgents, to create authentic content and conversations in the places that matter most and at scale. Proven measurement practices provide detailed analysis of key retail metrics, incremental sales, and ROI. BzzAgent has been a pioneer of word of mouth marketing since 2001 and as the global leader in consumer advocacy we have spent years using the power of human interaction to help brands build trust in a managed, scalable, and measured way.

Social marketing powered by data-driven insights: it's a blend of social and science you just won't find anywhere else — with results you won't find anywhere else, either. BigPanda Inc. is a leader in Algorithmic Service Operations for enterprise IT. Our machine learning platform intelligently automates and scales Service Operations to meet the complex demands of the modern datacenter. We turn IT noise from fragmented clouds, teams, applications and monitoring tools into actionable insights to speed the resolution of IT incidents. Many of the world’s largest enterprises rely on BigPanda to power their Service Operations.

For more information, visit: http://www.bigpanda.io. Established in Australia in 2002, Quantium was founded by like-minded executives from different disciplines across data, science and business. Entrepreneurial drive, combined with a shared passion for measurable results and applied analytics, has made Quantium a force in our industry. Using data, we power possibilities for organisations.

Quantium started out as a data analytics firm, helping businesses make better decisions. Since then we have grown into a globally recognised partner to businesses that have the ambition to lead their industries. These days we help our clients navigate the complex world of data, analytics and technology to deliver powerful insights with clear business applications. Our platforms, products, processes and years of experience have enabled us to deliver on the promise of data.

Partnerships are at Quantium’s core. Connections with data owners and close collaborations with clients allow Quantium to power new possibilities for business. We are proud to have established a unique range of data partnerships with many global brands. We believe that adding our assets and expertise to clients’ own thinking is the key to ongoing progress and success.

Of course our commitment to data quality, privacy and security is central to our daily operations and at the heart of our company’s values.  We are passionate about data. We exist to give each of our clients the power to discover new possibilities and change their world.

It's an exciting time in our evolution given we are expanding internationally and into new industries. We have grown profitably by 30% per annum since our inception in 2002. Instem is a leading supplier of IT applications to the early development healthcare market delivering compelling solutions for data collection, management and analysis across the R&D continuum. Instem applications are in use by customers worldwide, meeting the rapidly expanding needs of life science and healthcare organizations for data-driven decision making leading to safer, more effective products.

Instem’s portfolio of software solutions increases client productivity by automating study-related processes while offering the unique ability to generate new knowledge through the extraction and harmonization of actionable scientific information.

Instem supports its clients through full service offices in the United States, United Kingdom and China with additional locations in India and a full service distributor based in Japan. TEG Analytics is a data-science-as-a-services company and helps organisations make better decisions at the intersection of business, technology, and applied mathematics. Our vision is to deliver Insights @ Speed of Business.

Over time the speed at which business needs to act and react to the market conditions has gone up, TEG focuses on the alignment between the speed of business and speed of insights. We leverage global delivery model to provide custom solutions tailored to our clients’ unique business problems.

TEG’s proprietary FutureWorks, built on open source, is a hassle-free platform which assists in last mile analysis, reduces the time to market and increases the adoption of analytics throughout the client organisation.

TEG has helped market leaders across industry verticals (like Retail, CPG, Healthcare, BFSI) in shaping strategy powered by analytics. TEG has carved a niche in the space of sales and marketing analytics services. About Ople, Inc.

At Ople, we believe that Artificial Intelligence should be easy, cheap and ubiquitous. With Ople, business leaders can now think big, broadly applying Artificial Intelligence across their organization in order to identify new opportunities and establish strategic advantages. Centrally located in Silicon Valley, Ople is led by a team of world class data scientists, engineers and market makers.

 
Problem:

Businesses are frustrated with data science today. Long time for delivery, high-risk, hard to find skill-sets & experience; reality is not living up to the hype.

Ople:
 
WHY we started this:

Because we believe...
      every industry will benefit from data science
      data science can be much more than what it is today
      we will fundamentally change data science

This is our vision, our core belief; this is why we exist.


HOW we will fulfill our vision:

Ople delivers:
     An elite quality and automatically built deep model in 3 days instead of 3 months
     Models that instantly deploy and predict on large datasets in 34 seconds instead of 24 hours (based on use case)
     Automatic capabilities to detect problems with their data
     The ability for engineers of any skill level to build deep learning and computer vision models.


WHAT we do:

We have created an AI system that acts, thinks and learns like a data scientist. This system will forever change the way people think about or do data science. People will be able to run complete projects/experiments in a couple of weeks instead of 3-6 months. This will allow scientists and analysts to try new things and think about their work in a completely new way. 
This is the true democratization of deep learning

We are here to fundamentally change data science.
This change is inevitable, help Ople drive it sooner rather than later. Corporate360 is a SalesTech company, offering SaaS based marketing data cloud software for B2B marketers to help discover sales leads, ideal buyer profiles, technology installations & competitive intelligence. Our data-as-a-service cloud helps B2B sales reps close deals faster, eliminate sales research, accelerate pipeline creation, beat competition & maintain CRM data accuracy. The data platform complements and integrates with CRM, Marketing Automation, Predictive Analytics, ABM platforms powering them with relevant and accurate data. The product is built using advanced data science technologies such as NLP, Machine Learning, AI combined with human intelligence. Corporate360 serves sales, marketing, analytics and data science teams at Fortune 500 and fast-growing data-driven organizations across a wide variety of industries with over 300 global clients. The Illinois Science and Technology Coalition (ISTC) is a 501(c)(6) member-driven nonprofit that harnesses the power of research and innovation to expand and enrich the state's economy. Created by the State of Illinois 25+ years ago, ISTC forges public-private partnerships among industry, research institutions, federal labs, and government to increase investments in research and technology, develop talent, promote awareness and policies, and drive job growth in Illinois. As the only organization representing the full range of science and technology activity in Illinois, the mission of the Illinois Science & Technology Coalition is to cultivate innovation and technology-based economic development in Illinois. The ISTC serves as an impartial convener and broker around federal grant opportunities and other partnerships, catalyzes new initiatives that fill gaps in Illinois'​ research and innovation pipeline, and champions the state's tech economy through advocacy and data-driven reporting. Tigerspike is a global digital products company that delivers business value, fast. We blend technology with human expertise to create products that improve people’s lives. Our five underlying values encompass what it means to work at Tigerspike: Transparency, Resilience, Problem-Solving, Energy and Curiosity. 

We’ve joined the Concentrix family and are accelerating our focus on People, Practice and Product: We recruit the best people and create small product teams, which results in great chemistry that can solve even the toughest business problems. Our people work closely with our customers to find the best possible human-centred solutions.

Catalyst, our problem-solving practice, aligns teams and focuses them on success by rapidly validating assumptions. This helps businesses to prioritise and make confident, informed decisions.
We believe in efficiency coming from simplifying data complexity; this is why we developed Intelligence, a product which focuses on key data points. It provides real-time insights to enable businesses to track change and understand the ROI impact on decisions made.

With a team spanning 9 global offices and counting, we are excited to continue supporting businesses the Tigerspike Way. 
 BioAgilytix is a leading bioanalytical testing laboratory specializing in large molecule bioanalysis. With laboratory locations in North Carolina’s Research Triangle area and Hamburg, Germany, BioAgilytix provides PK, immunogenicity, biomarkers, and cell-based assay services supporting the development and release testing of biologics across a number of industries and disease states. BioAgilytix offers assay development, validation, and sample analysis under non-GLP, spirit-of-GLP, and GLP,  as well as product release testing under GMP.

BioAgilytix’s team of highly experienced scientific and QA professionals ensures high quality science, data integrity, and regulatory compliance through all phases of clinical development, and is a trusted partner to 23 of the top 25 global pharmaceutical and biotech companies. For more information, visit www.bioagilytix.com. Our Vision
In 2012, JDX had a vision to create a global consulting firm inspired by entrepreneurship and a unique culture. Our vision and strategy, always being to achieve our goals by doing the right thing for our clients with energy, enthusiasm, integrity and knowledge, hold firm today.
With over 500 staff, nine offices across the globe, multiple awards and accredited training provider status for PRINCE2, JDX stands for something different, something special, a company breaking new boundaries, charting new opportunities whilst always maintaining a unique culture.

Founded by JDXers, our values truly reflect our unique culture. They are:
- Diversity of individuals
- Commitment to learning and career path
- Honesty and integrity
- Energy and passion for our clients
- A vibrant place to work
- Staff involvement in the JDX strategy

The Company
JDX is a global consulting company specialising in aligning flexible resourcing solutions to clients in areas of change, remediation, technology and advisory projects. With offices in London, New York, Zurich, Dublin, Paris, Birmingham, Jacksonville, Hong Kong and Singapore, we're well positioned to support our clients across the financial services and insurance markets.

The key to our success is the development of a robust, scalable infrastructure and the JDX Training Academy. Our unique recruitment policy ensures our employees have the characteristics relevant for Clients Operations, Client Technology and Advisory projects and the JDX Academy provides a focus to gain SME knowledge and well rounded skill-sets.

Throughout the JDX Academy training, JDXers gain skills and knowledge in areas including: SQL, VBA, Excel, application development, data science, cash and derivative product knowledge, project management, business analysis, regulation and industry utility software such as MarkitSERV, DTCC and Thunderhead. 4C is a global leader in data science and media technology with solutions for multi-screen convergence. Brands, agencies, and media owners rely on the 4C Insights Affinity Graph™ to identify their most valuable audiences and improve effectiveness across channels. With $1 billion in annualized media spend running through its software-as-a-service platform, 4C offers activation on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Instagram and Snapchat as well as TV Synced Ads across display, search, social and video. The company also provides advertising and content analytics leveraging its Teletrax television monitoring network which detects over 400 million TV asset airings on an annual basis. Founded in 2011 and based in Chicago, 4C has staff in 16 worldwide locations across the United States, United Kingdom, the Netherlands, France, Hong Kong, India and Singapore. Visit www.4Cinsights.com for more information. Actelion Pharmaceuticals Ltd., part of the Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies, is a leader in the field of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). Our portfolio of PAH treatments covers the spectrum of disease, from WHO Functional Class (FC) II through to FC IV, with oral, inhaled and intravenous medications. 

As part of the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson, we are working to create a world without disease.  Transforming lives by finding new and better ways to prevent, intercept, treat and cure disease inspires us. We bring together the best minds and pursue the most promising science. We collaborate with the world for the health of everyone in it.

Please beware of scam/fake recruitment offers that claim to be from Actelion. Such scams can be from various sources on the internet using either fake company websites, or sending unsolicited emails from fake Actelion recruiters. The intention is to obtain personal data or money from victims by offering jobs that do not exist.

Actelion would never ask for payment to progress a job application.

When in doubt please check if the position is posted on our corporate website https://www.actelion.com/careers  before applying for such positions.
 Tendril delivers personalized energy experiences for consumers around the world. Leading energy providers that want to establish a competitive advantage rely on  our software and solutions to better acquire, engage and activate their customers. To do  this we employ the latest in energy science and data analytics to unveil a complete understanding of the individual consumer, including their unique needs and propensities to act. With this granular understanding we help our customers unlock the true value of energy interactions. For more information, please visit http://www.tendrilinc.com or follow us on Twitter at @Tendril. Resolute Innovation is artificial intelligence for science.

Companies looking to cure disease, solve energy efficiency, or reach Mars all use Resolute to identify, understand, and engage the technologies and innovators that will change the world.

Our AI offers next-generation solutions for patent search, technology matchmaking, trend analytics, and R&D enterprise search. Sources for our AI-enriched data include international patent offices, technology transfer offices, journal publications, financial disclosures, proprietary feeds, and much more.

If you strive to understand the current and future state of technology, then visit us at resoluteinnovation.com to learn more. Our AI supports the world's leading teams in research & development, intellectual property, open innovation, corporate development, market research, and beyond. Data Science Executive Search

About Us

Whether you are looking to build or expand your team in data collection, data integration, and/or data analytics, Pernod Analytics connects you with high caliber professionals who enable your company to achieve the data insight to make more adept decisions and cultivate the analytic aptitude to outpace the competition.

Other agencies will recruit individuals that are actively looking for opportunities on the job market. The people at Pernod Analytics know that the superior passive talent is hidden within the market and will tailor their search to find the talent that will fit your specific culture and needs.

With a vast network of talent, we have placed all levels of professionals at companies in the U.S. and abroad.


Areas of specialization include:
•Marketing Mix Modeling
•Media Mix Modeling
•Predictive Modeling
•ROI Measurement
•Statistics/Econometrics
•Quantitative Analysis
•Data Sciences
•CRM/Business Intelligence
•Ad Exchange/Ad Operations 



Among the industries we serve:
•Retail
•CPG
•Financial Services
•eCommerce
•Advertising/Marketing
•Social Media
•Pharma / Bioinformatics/Healthcare
•Telecommunications
•Insurance Aurotech, Inc. is a CMMi-ML3 assessed, small-business Management and Technology Consulting firm focused on providing Federal government agencies with creative and actionable business solutions in the areas of Work Management, Program and Portfolio Management, Health IT, Litigation and eDiscovery, IT Management Consulting, Business Transformations, Data Science,  Drug Lifecycle Tracking, Healthcare Data Archiving and Enterprise Content Management.


Aurotech is committed to delivering the highest quality services for our clients – within budget, scope, and schedule. Our diverse and talented team consistently delivers excellence by... 
VISUALIZING the potential, 
ENGINEERING the possibilities, 
and REALIZING the solution. TFS was founded in 1996 and has grown to become a leading global mid-size clinical CRO focusing on small and mid-size life science customers. TFS employs more than 700 professionals throughout 21 countries and currently delivers clinical research services in more than 40 countries.

 We can provide end-to-end solutions or flexible single services. Our partnering approach with customers is based on our four business principles – commitment, flexibility, value creation and global reach. We are therapeutically specialized in Oncology, Immunology, Dermatology, Ophthalmology, CNS, Cardiology and Endocrinology. 

For more information about TFS and its business offerings please go to www.tfscro.com Aptus Data Labs (“Aptusdatalabs Technologies Private Limited - CIN:U72900KA2014PTC077646”) is an innovative Data Science and Advanced Analytics Company offering analytical solutions and consulting services that help businesses make quick, cogent, data-driven decisions, essentially required to sustain and grow in tandem with evolving industry trends.  We help enterprises look beyond business data and gain industry-leading insights to assure them Big Business Decisions.

We leverage upon primary data, data management technologies, Data Science and Decision Science, and combine them with apt catalysts like domain specific Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), mathematical algorithms and “Aptus Accelerators"​ to identify risks and key business opportunities with better forecasts.

Empowered with a strong engineering & technology work culture, Aptus Data Labs encompasses a mission-focused team of data analysts, data scientists, business SMEs, architects and engineers, who cater to wide range of clientele across various industry domains such as Healthcare & Life Sciences,  Retail & Consumer Industries, Manufacturing, Energy & Utilities and Social Intelligence. 

Our team of talented go-getters, who truly understand the technology and business in the analytics space, are capable of handling all types of enterprise dataset to extrapolate key business values using descriptive, predictive and prescriptive capabilities. The Linguistic Data Consortium (LDC) is a non-profit, hosted at the University of Pennsylvania, that creates and distributes language data to universities, laboratories, companies and libraries for language-related education, research and technology development. 

Our Catalog contains over 600 holdings in more than 60 languages published via media or digital transfer. Publications include text, speech, video and lexicons produced by LDC or contributed by partners with 36 new data sets added annually. To view the Catalog visit catalog.ldc.upenn.edu 

After more than two decades as the leader in language resource development and distribution, LDC continues its mission of providing large quantities of diverse data, research program support and high quality member services. Human language technology development and its related fields are changing rapidly and need effective digital resource delivery, greater language coverage, new data genres, faster, cost-efficient annotation processes and flexible tools. The Consortium successfully meets those challenges and will continue to do so with the support of members, licensees, sponsors and collaborators.   

LDC succeeds because it attracts expert staff. We look for candidates who have experience in linguistics, computer science and project management as well as the flexibility to adapt to a changing market. The intellectual challenge to satisfy the demand for language related data and tools given the rate of technology growth makes LDC work exceptionally rewarding. For employment opportunities visit ldc.upenn.edu/about/employment

Specialties 
Language resource development and distribution, support for common task programs and evaluations in areas such as speaker and language recognition, information retrieval and extraction, natural language processing and machine translation, applications of linguistic research and machine learning to fields as diverse as autism research, biomedical information extraction and law Unleashing Your Success

We are an International Specialist Recruitment Company with a proven track record of sourcing and selecting best fit talent. The recruitment services we offer are tailored to our client‘s talent attraction strategy and our candidate‘s career expectations and goals. Our experienced recruitment teams select best fit solutions in order to provide the talent that companies need to give their organisation a competitive advantage.

Industry Experience

Our specialists have hands on industry experience in their respective fields and verticals. We source talent for permanent, interim and temporary contracts, within tight deadlines, across a variety of industries and sectors; Data Science, Digital Marketing, Finance, Engineering and Life Sciences, Insurance & Financial Services, IT, Marketing, Sales, Supply Chain and Operations; including start-ups, SME‘s and global multinationals across all industries. With a global reach and established networks, we have the power to ensure we can help you and your business unleash your success.

Our Niche Approach

Our niche approach is what sets us apart. We are not just another recruitment company that has contracts with every company in town. We do things differently, call us mavericks! We find new and creative ways to source and retain talent. Next Generation is made up of industry experienced consultants who know their respective fields inside out, which ensures that we can provide exactly what our clients and candidates want. Talent acquisition and talent management services are what we excel at and this how we have built up trust and a solid reputation across key sectors.


If you would like to know more about Next Generation, our services and how we can transform your career or your organisation, please contact us.

enquiries@nextgeneration.ie
+353 1 6629120 BJSS is an award winning delivery-focused IT Consultancy. With over 20 years'​ software delivery and IT advisory experience we're renowned for technical excellence, cost-effective delivery and our proven BJSS Enterprise Agile approach.

Our clients include some of the world’s largest organisations including government departments, investment banks, retail banks, energy companies and financial institutions. 

Founded in 1993 and with offices in London, New York, Leeds, Manchester, Bristol, Nottingham and Glasgow, the company employs over 900 technologists and has established a reputation for the successful design and delivery of reliable, scalable, high-availability enterprise applications.

http://www.bjss.com
http://www.bjsscareers.com Auris is a technology company dedicated to improving healthcare for all patients who need medical intervention. We believe that healthcare is a sacred right of all individuals and that each human deserves the most effective care possible.

Auris will dramatically accelerate the development of less invasive intervention by allowing precision and consistency of care across each treatment. We are developing targeted, minimally invasive therapies that treat only the diseased cells in order to prevent the progression of a patient’s illness. Our technology uses a patient-specific approach that maintains the integrity of the human body and its organ systems during medical intervention.

Our platform integrates the latest advancements in robotics, micro-instrumentation, sensing, and data science to achieve these breakthroughs and deliver dramatically improved clinical outcomes for patients.

Ten years from now, someone you know and love, a brother, a friend, will walk into the hospital with what today we consider a fatal disease. Later that afternoon, she will go home, cured. No one will call it a miracle. Just the reality of modern healthcare. Neovia benefits from a multi-activities, multi-species and multi-areas experience. It is a reference in terms of innovative solutions in breeding. 

This new identity embodies the direction the company has taken since 2010: accelerated development, internationalization, enhanced shareholding, and diversification of activities (additives, petcare, aquaculture). It also highlights the company's entrepreneurial ambition and the innovative nature of its service offering. 

Neovia is a new identity but it is primarily a unique way of understanding the challenges of the future: co-innovation, sustainable development and rational use of resources, feed quality and traceability, digitalization and big data.

Neovia: innovative science feeding mankind.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KdVAGcYf38 Florida Polytechnic University is designed to be different so that graduates possess the talent and job-ready skills to stand out from the crowd. While other top engineering schools in Florida have centers of innovation, Florida Poly was established as a wholly innovative university dedicated to the principle that innovation occurs when research and creativity are applied to real-world challenges. 

Florida’s only public university for engineering and technology dedicated to science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) was created to be both a rigorous academic institution and a powerful resource for high-tech industries.

The mission of Florida Polytechnic University is to prepare 21st century learners in advanced fields of science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) to become innovative problem-solvers and high-tech professionals through interdisciplinary teaching, leading-edge research and collaborative local, regional and global partnerships.

Employment opportunities can be found at floridapoly.edu/careers

https://youtu.be/w39m83JhXYI INSYS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Luxoft Holding, Inc., has proven its ability to deliver flexible, innovative solutions for our clients'​ technology needs, particularly in data science and strategic planning. We help them reduce costs and increase business agility by finding the resources they need in healthcare, pharmaceuticals, financial services and technology.

We are dedicated to helping our clients achieve the momentum they need to ensure continued business success. We do it by focusing on the kind of real-world data that supports well-informed, pragmatic decisions. Flytxt is the independent market leader in intelligent customer engagement technology. Flytxt's enterprise-class software products and services generate measurable economic value by growing revenue, reducing customer churn and enhancing customer experience. Flytxt’s flagship NEON-dX is an out-of-the-box, real-time decision-making and marketing automation product that allows large enterprises to drive personalized and contextual customer engagement across digital touch points using analytics and artificial intelligence.  Flytxt is headquartered in The Netherlands, with offices in the United Arab Emirates and India. It also has a presence in Germany, Mexico, Singapore, South Africa, and Colombia.

Flytxt has won many industry awards and recognition like Pipeline Innovation award, Stevie's International Business award, CommsMEA Awards, Frost & Sullivan ICT award,CEM in Telecoms award, Gartner Cool Vendor, NASSCOM Emerge 50 League of 10, Aegis Graham Bell award for innovation in Mobile Advertising, BID International Quality Award, Red Herring Asia 100 and IEEE Cloud Computing Challenge. For more information, visit www.flytxt.com  Abertay University offers world-leading courses in computer arts and computer games technology, as well as expertise in business, engineering, health, science and sport.

With business opportunities and scientific challenges rapidly changing, Abertay is taking a different approach to education. 

Applied education, skills development and close links with the business community are at the heart of this, with Abertay focused on giving graduates the ability to step straight into a business and be productive from day one. Increasingly, these graduates also look to start their own companies. 

One of Abertay’s core strengths is computer games education, with students travelling from across the world to study in Dundee. The university launched the world’s first Computer Games Technology degree in 1997, and now leads the UK in producing highly-skilled, creative young people at the forefront of the rapidly-evolving games industry. 

Games technology is also being harnessed at Abertay to solve problems in cancer drug discovery, climate change and environmental science. Using high-powered games graphics lets scientists from different disciplines share their research visually, and engages policymakers by clearly communicating very complex data. 

Abertay is also home to applied research groups in soil science, wastewater management and food science, among others, all with a strong focus on delivering impact through generating new knowledge and enhancing the skills of the local and national workforce. Polytechnic University of Puerto Rico (PUPR) is a private, non profit, co-educational higher education institution founded in September, 1966. The main campus is located in San Juan, Puerto Rico, at the Hato Rey ward, quite close to the Golden Mile area. The main academic disciplines are: Engineering (seven programs), Geomatic Sciences, Architecture, Computer Sciences and Business Administration (four majors). At the present time, it is the largest private Engineering School in Puerto Rico and the only one in the district of San Juan. It is also the largest private Hispanic Serving Engineering School in the United States and its territories. In 2001 and 2003, the University opened new campuses in the cities of Miami and Orlando, Florida, respectively.

PUPR offers Bachelor of Science degrees in: Chemical Engineering, Civil Engineering, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Environmental Engineering, Industrial Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Land Surveying and Mapping and Computer Science; Bachelor of Business Administration degrees in: Accounting, Construction Management, General Management and Marketing. The institution offers also a Bachelor in Architecture. (Undergraduate Offering)

At the graduate level the academic offerings are: Master of Science (MS) in: Civil Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering, and Manufacturing Competitiveness; Master of Engineering in: Civil Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering and Manufacturing Engineering, Master in: Computer Sciences, Engineering Management, Environmental Management, Landscape Architecture, and Manufacturing Competitiveness: Master of Business Administration in: Computer Information Systems (E – Commerce & Data Base), General and Interdisciplinary, and International Enterprises. (Graduate Offering) Quotacom is a boutique executive search firm that has been established to solve the hiring challenges of the world’s leading software vendors, consultancies and the businesses that they help to transform.

Our experienced team specialises in creating bespoke and flexible search solutions for high growth start-ups, established enterprise software brands, technology consultancies and companies adopting bleeding edge technology. 

We pride ourselves on our market specialisation and have particular expertise in Big Data, Advanced Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Open Source, IOT and Cloud.

Operating on a global basis, we form a true partnership with our clients, which enables us to identify and engage the highest performing candidates in the market, offering them unique opportunities with the coolest, most innovative companies.

In the process we change lives and create phenomenal businesses. 東吳大學現有外雙溪及城中兩校區，分別位居台北市文教、政經精華動線上。文、理、外語三學院位於外雙溪，此處為一文化風景區，毗鄰故宮博物院；法、商學院及推廣部則位在政治經濟重心之台北市城中區，兩校區周邊交通便捷。

本校教學與研究資源豐富，校內完善新穎的設施及專業的行政服務團隊，提供師生最佳的「教」與「學」環境。致力卓越教學為社會培育人才是我們的核心價值。透過東吳教育的洗禮，我們給學生的不只是專業的養成，還有自信、尊重、踏實的人生觀。良好的傳統與聲譽，優質的生態與教育，已培育校友十萬餘人，蔚為社會中堅。

Soochow University, founded in 1900 in Suzhou, was the first western-style university in China. After the government of the Republic of China moved to Taiwan, some of its former alumni exerted tireless efforts to reestablish their alma mater in Taipei. In 1951, a board of directors was created and premises were rented on Hankou Street in downtown Taipei to set up the so-called Soochow Preparatory School. After the Ministry of Education approved the reestablishment plan at the end of 1954, the School of Law was the first to be established, which included the Departments of Law, Political Science, Economics, and Accounting, along with an attached Foreign Languages and Literature Department. The school became the first private university in Taiwan.

After 60 years of hard work in Taiwan, the university has grown and become fully accredited turning into one of the most prestigious private universities on the island, complete with six colleges (School of Big Data Management began enrolling students in 2015), 23 departments, 22 Masteral programs, and 6 Doctoral Programs. The student population has also exceeded 15,000.

We adhere to the best of the school's traditions while sticking to the motto "Unto a Full Grown Man"​ in ca... The home of the UK’s best Information Management and Data Analytics jobs.

As specialist recruiters to the Information Management and Data Analytics industry our candidates often have highly sought after, niche skills including:

• Data Science
• Data Engineering
• Data Governance / Quality
• Big Data
• Information Management
• Master Data Management (MDM)
• CRM / Analytics
• Business Intelligence (BI) / Data Visualisation
• Data Architecture / Modelling
• Data Integration / Migration / ETL

If you are looking for a new job or have a vacancy to fill please get in touch on 01565 651 422 or enquiries@kdrrecruitment.com Mazzetti is a global provider of MEP engineering design and technology consulting. Our vision is to make the world a better place by creating better (healthier) environments. Though our deepest expertise is in Healthcare—energy-intensive, critical systems—we’re also skilled in a wide range of technically complex environments, from data centers to airports to clean rooms. 

The world is changing, and our built environments need to adapt to those changes. Through our unique vision, we plan innovative, technologically advanced buildings rooted in local culture, climate, and economy. We design healthful, sustainable buildings that deeply reflect our clients’ value propositions. We build buildings that remain relevant and reliable far into the future.

We continue to build our expertise, to better serve our clients. In 2016, we united with the leaders in healthcare technology consulting Gene Burton and Associates (GBA), so that we can provide more integrated, informed solutions. In January 2018, Atlanta-based MEP firm PerryCrabb joined our Mazzetti family, expanding our reach and expertise in the Southeast.  

JOIN OUR TALENT NETWORK: http://ow.ly/XpXl3 Global Fortune 1000 marketers rely on NM Incite solutions to discover emerging, industry-specific consumer insights and build relevant, differentiated and emotionally engaging brands. NM Incite was established with the vision that real-time, authentic consumer expression in social media transforms how marketers build strong brands, create passionate and engaged brand communities, and ultimately achieve superior sales outcomes. NM Incite customers are innovative, global marketing executives in brand management, consumer insights and market research at leading Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG), Financial Services, Healthcare and Technology companies. They understand that winning in today’s social world hinges on developing deeper and more provocative consumer and marketing insights to create superior marketing strategies, boost brand strength, develop new products, innovate in customer care and maximize the impact of marketing campaigns. 

NM Incite is a joint venture between Nielsen and McKinsey, bringing to bear deep expertise in measurement science and management consulting. As one of the largest global leaders in applying social media to solve marketing problems, NM Incite operates in over 30 markets, including the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Germany, China, India, Japan and Australia. Venturi recruits in USA, Germany & UK.

Venturi Recruits: 

Business Intelligence & Data Warehousing/ Infrastructure/ Networking & Security's/ Development & Design/ Big Data & Data Science.


Venturi started in 2009 and was founded by our Director Brad Lamb an established IT recruiter with over 10 years’ experience. Shortly after inception Brad was joined by a previous colleague James Doyle now our Managing Director. Venturi raised money through angel investor Keith Jones that helped accelerate Venturi’s growth. 

What makes Venturi special is the team around them. Built up of all industry professionals driven to deliver the best possible experience. We invest in our own talent every single day, enabling us to build a team of highly knowledgeable and strongly motivated recruiters.


Facebook – Venturi: Behind the Scenes

Twitter & Instagram - @Venturi_Ltd AddThis is the leading provider of behavioral audience data and website marketing tools. We help brands build more authentic customer relationships through insight, activation and personalization products powered by the AddThis Audience Intelligence (Ai) platform. 

AddThis Ai processes the real-time interest and intent data from 1.9B monthly uniques across 15M global domains. Our extraordinary reach, combined with world-class data science and seamless integration across the marketing ecosystem, gives marketers and advertisers unprecedented transparency into target audiences and enhances their ability to deliver effective personalized experiences across paid and owned media.

AddThis is currently ranked #1 in the US by comScore for distributed content and ad focus. Learn more about how the AddThis platform can drive results for your business: www.addthis.com/platform. Integrated Resources Inc. (IRI) is a professional staffing firm specializing in contract, consulting & full time positions in the area of Information Technology, Life Science and Allied Healthcare. Since its inception in 1996, IRI has continued to grow in size, opportunities, service and quality. Our expert team of highly trained counselors work hand in hand with every candidate and client forming a partnership of understanding and commitment. Dstillery extracts intelligence from desktop, mobile and location data to match a consumer’s digital journey with their physical actions. We empower brands to reach audiences across Mobile, Desktop and Video at moments that matter with unprecedented accuracy. 

We’re proud to raise industry standards with our unmatched scientific rigor and data quality. Our employees are the driving force behind Dstillery’s 97% client retention rate and the reason that hundreds of the most innovative marketers rely on Dstillery.

More information: dstillery.com. Founded in 2005, Rang Technologies has been a leading diversity firm specializing in comprehensive staffing augmentation services and technology solutions.
 
Our staffing experts consistently deliver talented professionals to the workforce, keeping quality, responsiveness and cost in mind. Our expertise in IT, Healthcare, Engineering, Pharmaceuticals, Retail, Government and Manufacturing industries allow us to work closely with hiring managers to not only ensure that all their hiring initiatives are fulfilled, but that we also have a long-term strategic recruiting partnership.

Our technology solutions experts help our customers make better data-driven strategies in Business Analytics, Campaign and Marketing Analytics, Financial Analytics, Predictive Analytics, Risk Modeling, Risk and Compliance Model Validation, Fraud Analytics (Fraud Detection and Fraud Prevention), Anti Money-Laundering (AML) and Know Your Customer (KYC) Analytics, Clinical Data Analytics, CDISC SDTM and ADaM, Biostatistics, Healthcare Analytics, Web and Digital Analytics, Media Analytics, Insurance Analytics, Retail Analytics, Logistics Analytics, Inventory Analytics, Supply Chain Analytics, Customer Insights and Analytics, Manufacturing Analytics, Warranty Analytics, Energy and Utility Analytics, Automobile Analytics, Agriculture Analytics, Visual Analytics, Machine Learning, Text Analytics, Business Intelligence, Big Data, Business Analysis, The Internet of Things (IoT), Data Security, Artificial Intelligence, CRM, and SAS Grid Administration.

Our goal is to meet expectations of excellence – those of our customers, our employees, our candidates, and those of our community. Our corporate culture is one of integrity and loyalty. These core values are evident in all that we do. We are committed to ensuring that your experience with our technology and recruitment specialists will be a positive one. Magnetic is a digital marketing and artificial intelligence company that uses machine learning to deliver smarter, faster, and more effective advertising. 

Our powerful AI platform continuously analyzes the attributes of 320 million live user profiles alongside real-time inventory supply and bid opportunities to deliver highly performant and profitable ad campaigns for our clients.

Learn more at magnetic.com or email us at contactus@magnetic.com. 
 SMARTe works as a true agile DaaS partner to provide ‘high quality global data’ fueled by data science. We use proprietary focused crawling and NLP technologies coupled with decades of domain expertise and data normalization delivering highly relevant and most accurate prospect data. 

DaaS Offerings:

• Bespoke Contacts – Double Opt-In; 100% phone verified, Global Contact Discovery, Tech Install base
• Relevant Contacts – Real-Time Global Prospects discovery/enrich from 320 Million profiles, Web verified
• Data Audit – Pioneering data hygiene philosophy; Mass Data Append
• Data Strategy – Identify look-alike customers, low hanging fruit prospects
• GDPR Compliant Data – Enrich missing Country/Job Titles, etc., sourcing sales-ready contacts, social profiles append as per data privacy and process adherence CrowdFlower is a Human-in-the-Loop AI solution for data science and machine learning teams. The CrowdFlower software platform trains, tests, and tunes machine learning models to make AI work in the real world. CrowdFlower's technology and expertise supports a wide range of use cases including autonomous vehicles, intelligent personal assistants, medical image labeling, consumer product identification, content categorization, customer support ticket classification, social data insight, CRM data enrichment, product categorization, and search relevance.

Headquartered in the Mission District in San Francisco and backed by Canvas Ventures, Trinity Ventures, Industry Ventures, Microsoft Ventures, and Salesforce Ventures, CrowdFlower serves Fortune 500 and fast-growing data-driven organizations across a wide variety of industries.  Cota is a healthcare data and analytics company that enables providers, payers and life science companies to optimize the outcomes of individual patients and lower the overall cost of the patient population served. It is powered by the patented Cota Nodal Address™ (CNA), a unique digital classification methodology built by leading physicians and data scientists. The CNA is the first and only system that precisely categorizes patient factors, their diseases and intended therapies, enabling precision medicine at scale. Cota's technology enriches medical records to create data and joins it with a suite of analysis, visualization and management tools. This enables providers, payers and life science companies to analyze, report on and research outcomes, costs, treatments and quality. For more information, go to www.cotahealthcare.com FabFitFun inspires happiness through discovery. We're the #1 full-size subscription box, helping our members discover brands and products for a life well-lived. Our fast-growing subscription service reaches hundreds of thousands of women in the US and Canada, and our editorial content, videos, and social posts entertain millions of women around the world each month. FabFitFun was founded in 2010 and is backed by tier-one investors, including New Enterprise Associates, Upfront Ventures, and Simon Venture Group.

For more information, please visit our homepage at fabfitfun.com Headquartered in Stuttgart, Germany, the Lapp Group is a leading supplier of integrated wire, cabling and connector products and solutions. Its offering includes electrical and fibre optic cables, industrial plug-in and screw connectors, cabling solutions, automation technology and technical accessories. Lapp Group’s core markets are in the mechanical and plant engineering and electronics manufacturing sectors, with rapid market expansion in the renewable energy, mobility and life science industries.

Lapp Group has remained in continuous family ownership since it was founded in 1959. In the 2015/16 financial year, it recorded total consolidated sales of 901 million euros. It employs some 3,440 people, operates 17 production sites and 40 sales companies and cooperates with approximately 100 national partners worldwide. 

When Oskar Lapp invented the first cable with colour-coded wires in 1959, he named this innovative product ÖLFLEX® and in so doing also created a catchy brand name which has accompanied the product during its great success. Since then, Lapp has carried out a consistent branding policy for each of our product lines:

ÖLFLEX® Power and control cables
UNITRONIC® Data communication systems
ETHERLINE® Data communication systems
HITRONIC® Optical transmission systems
EPIC® industrial connectors
SKINTOP® Cable glands
SILVYN® Protective Cable Conduit systems
FLEXIMARK® Cable marking products Aerotech designs and manufactures best-in-class motion control and precision positioning systems for industry, government, science, and research institutions. Aerotech's precision motion control products provide the critical performance for today's demanding applications in markets such as medical device and life sciences, semiconductor and flat panel, photonics, automotive, data storage, laser processing, military/aerospace, electronics manufacturing, test, assembly, research and development, and other markets requiring high precision, high throughput motion solutions.

Aerotech’s philosophy of building superior motion control systems starts with designing and manufacturing technically superior components. An Aerotech system begins with Aerotech motion components that are already best in class and specifically designed and optimized for the highest performance and lowest cost of ownership available.

All design and manufacturing is located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA, with sales, service and support on a worldwide basis through direct subsidiaries in the U.K., Germany, France, Japan, Taiwan and China. At Savvysherpa, we are investors. We identify, capitalize, develop, and prove novel business concepts in healthcare. We work on concepts that are good for patients both clinically and financially. We do that by combining our deep expertise in healthcare economics and data science with our partners’ unique healthcare assets.

We partner with healthcare organizations to:
•       Develop and test minimally-viable health-care products and programs
•       Develop distribution and business models for new health-care products
•       Develop new risk-sharing models for payers, providers, and commercial organizations

We’re seeking employees with backgrounds in healthcare research, entrepreneurship, data science, and software development. We’re also seeking employees who share our values:

•       Assumption Challenging: We don’t accept conventional wisdom — we’re courageous enough to have a unique perspective.
•       Truth Seeking: We focus our energy on discovering new truths — not fine-tuning or scaling established ideas.
•       Agility: We stay agile to respond to changing circumstances and new information.
•       Quiet Competence: We don’t seek public recognition for our work.

Check out our company’s website at www.savvysherpa.com.
 Could a lending system be built that helps people today, and prepares them for tomorrow? A lending system that builds a credit score, protects consumers from tricks and traps, and then goes the extra mile to make that experience so seamless that consumers feel empowered? That’s LendUp. LendUp's mission is to provide anyone with a better path to financial health. 

We believe there are two types of financial products: chutes and ladders. Ladders help people up, chutes push people down. One of our core values is that every product we offer at LendUp is a ladder, measured by the long-term financial well-being of our customers. LendUp credit cards and  loans are stepping stones towards better credit and reflect our commitment to getting our customers to a better financial state.

We are a data-driven company. We are building the most innovative credit models in the world, enabling us to extend credit as aggressively as possible and help solve for Americans'​ income volatility and financial instability. 

We are backed by more than $325 million in debt and equity financing from investors such as GV, PayPal, Y Combinator, QED Investors, Susa Ventures, Data Collective, Thomvest Ventures, Kleiner Perkins, Kapor Capital, Bronze Investments, radicle impact, Victory Park Capital, Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian, Gmail founder Paul Buchheit, Troy Carter, and many others.

One of our values is "different backgrounds, same mission."​ We come from venerable Silicon Valley technology companies, major banks, nonprofits and law firms. We're former consumer advocates, regulators and academics. Together, we're bringing our mission to life. Join us!   With over 4.5 million users, Anaconda is the world’s most popular Python data science platform. Anaconda, Inc. continues to lead open source projects like Anaconda, NumPy and SciPy that form the foundation of modern data science. Anaconda’s flagship product, Anaconda Enterprise, allows organizations to secure, govern, scale and extend Anaconda to deliver actionable insights that drive businesses and industries forward. IntegriChain is a rapidly growing healthcare technology company, offering the leading cloud for enriched data and analytics to optimize distribution, patient access, and market access for life sciences managed markets teams. Pharmaceutical, biopharm/specialty pharma, generics, and medtech suppliers leverage insights from IntegriChain’s unmatched factory-to-patient visibility to maximize patient access and to address critical risks throughout the patient journey and product life cycle. IntegriChain delivers the enriched data and analytics foundation for more efficient and service-oriented channel models for mature product categories as well as for innovative products that must balance significant therapeutic benefit with out-of-pocket costs and benefit hurdles. Today IntegriChain is the trusted partner for all top-10 bio/pharmaceutical companies, 17 of the top-20 life science companies, and more than 50 other suppliers, totaling more than $250 billion in annual US commerce. IntegriChain is backed by Accel-KKR, a leading Silicon Valley technology private equity firm. 

Follow us on @IntegriChain. We predict successful employees

~ Your turnover will go down
~ Your employee performance will go up

+1-617-864-7474
www.talentanalytics.com "Delivering a consistency in actions, values, principles, expectations and outcome"​.  

Build your team with Intechriti by combining hi-tech sourcing solutions with high integrity service professionals using advanced analytics and robust tools for hard-to-fill positions.  

We partner with hundreds of cutting edge technology companies in the Silicon Valley, specializing in the permanent placement of Software and Hardware Engineers, as well as Senior Managers of Engineering, DevOps, Product Management, and Professional Services. 

Founded in 2009, by professionals servicing the Bay Area since the Dotcom boom.  We are passionate about delivering an improved recruiter experience while building world class teams, and introducing people to life changing opportunities.  Nothing is more rewarding than helping people get into new innovative companies from Seed, Angel, Y Combinator, A, B, C series to some select Fortune 500.  Getting in Pre-IPO is part of the American Dream and we work hard to uncover those opportunities for you.

Technical Areas of Expertise: 

Computer Science | Data Science | CyberSecurity | Semiconductors | Wireless | Internet of Things

Programming: C/C++, C#, Java, Scala, Python, PHP, Ruby on Rails
Web: Javascript, React/Redux, Angular, Backbone, Nodejs, HTML5 
Data​: Spark, Hadoop, Deep Learning, Machine Learning, MLlib, GraphX
Cloud: AWS, S3, Azure, OpenStack
Wireless: WiFi, 3GPP, LTE, WCDMA, 802.1x
Semiconductors: Analog, Mixed-Signal, CMOS, ASIC, FPGA, PCB, CPU, GPU Ameritox helped pioneer the prescription drug monitoring necessary to address the national epidemic of prescription drug misuse, abuse and diversion. As a trusted leader in medication monitoring, Ameritox provides medical and business professionals with health care solutions that can help improve patient care and prevent tragedy. Ameritox has also established a service, Ingenuity Health, which uses similar drug monitoring science to provide highly reliable data that helps doctors and behavioral health specialists improve treatment for patients diagnosed with serious mental illness. Ameritox, headquartered in Maryland and has a laboratory facilities in Greensboro, N.C. Ameritox can be found online at ameritox.com and on Twitter @Ameritox.

Ameritox, LLC is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any characteristic protected by law. Home to the iconic Ask.com website and headquartered in Oakland’s thriving downtown, Ask Media Group is a collection of websites that help curious people find the information they need. Our growing portfolio of websites helps our users discover everything from bathrobes to tax forms, and we thrive on the challenge of developing a wide variety of sites that address everyday questions, no matter how large or small. Our team knows how to not only create but profitably grow digital properties to meaningful scale, touching the lives of millions of people each day. Ask Media Group is owned and operated by IAC (NASDAQ: IAC) and is a part of IAC Publishing, IAC’s collection of premium content brands.

Founded as Ask Jeeves in 1996 and re-named Ask.com in 2005, Ask.com has spent the last 20 years committed to its mission of increasing personal knowledge by empowering people with answers. Our collection of websites now comprise of the Ask Media Group.  

We’re from Oakland. We embrace our East Bay location and the iconic role we play in Oakland’s blossoming tech scene. We’re made up of a bunch of small teams who work closely together to tackle big challenges and pursue exciting opportunities. We teach each other, support each other, and strive to make our work environment a great place to learn and grow—individually and collectively. We take every opportunity to give back to our backyard and global community.

To provide a fast, accurate, and reliable online experience to hundreds of millions of people each month, we build technology for speed and scale that exceeds the capability of most other online media companies.

Our technology helps us explore opportunities to acquire web traffic, provide satisfying user experiences, and profitably monetize every session, and do so in a way that can be scaled massively and efficiently. Civis Analytics helps businesses use data to gain a competitive advantage in how they identify, attract, and engage loyal customers and employees. With a powerful combination of best-in-class proprietary data, cutting-edge software solutions, and an interdisciplinary team of data scientists, developers, and survey science experts, Civis works with Fortune 500 companies and the country’s largest nonprofits to make data-driven decision-making essential to how the world’s best companies do business.

Learn more about Civis at www.civisanalytics.com. Creator and driving force behind Anaconda—the leading Open Data Science platform powered by Python. We're helping people change the world.


Continuum Analytics’ Anaconda is the leading Open Data Science platform powered by Python. We put superpowers into the hands of people who are changing the world. Anaconda is trusted by leading businesses worldwide and across industries—financial services, government, health and life sciences, technology, retail & CPG, oil & gas—to solve the world’s most challenging problems. Anaconda helps data science teams discover, analyze and collaborate by connecting their curiosity and experience with data. With Anaconda, teams manage Open Data Science environments and harness the power of the latest open source analytic and technology innovations.

Visit www.continuum.io to learn more. Tampere University of Technology (TUT) conducts scientific research in technology and architecture and provides higher education within these fields. The University educates Masters of Science in Technology and Architecture and Doctors of Technology and Philosophy whose diverse expertise is sought in working life. Almost all MSc graduates are employed at the time of graduation. 

TUT is located in Tampere, the Nordic countries’ largest inland city, some 170 km north of the capital Helsinki. Tampere is counted among the major academic hubs in the Nordic countries and offers a dynamic living environment. Tampere region is one of the most rapidly growing urban areas in Finland and home to a vibrant knowledge-intensive entrepreneurial community. The city is an industrial powerhouse that enjoys a rich cultural scene and a reputation as a centre of Finland’s information society. 

Twitter: www.twitter.com/tampereunitech
Facebook: www.facebook.com/tampereenteknillinenyliopisto
Youtube: www.youtube.com/wwwtutfi
Instagram: www.instagram.com/tampereenteekkari In September 2017, Luxe was acquired by Volvo. 
_______________________________________________
Luxe is an on-demand valet parking and car services app that believes that commuting and the car ownership experience doesn't need to be expensive or stressful. We are making it simple for people to own a car and get to what they want to do and enjoy, by making parking, commuting and maintaining a car an affordable, easy and convenient experience. 

We are currently live in San Francisco, Chicago, and New York City.

Download the iOS and Android apps here: www.luxe.com Data and Analytics recruitment is our core business and we’re proud to say, our customers believe we’re good at it. In our most recent customer satisfaction survey, 95% of respondents said that they would recommend Harnham. 

Harnham has actively chosen to focus on Data and Analytics, we’ve immersed ourselves in this market and are now an integral part of this business community. 

Our capability has grown to provide recruitment services and advice across the Marketing Analytics, Credit Risk, Data Science, Data and Technology and Digital sectors. Velti was founded in 2000 and is a leading provider of innovative mobile-centric marketing, customer retention and content based solutions trusted globally by hundreds of mobile operators, brands and media groups. Our constantly evolving solutions enable our clients to actively engage with their customers through highly targeted campaigns that enhance customer loyalty creating brand awareness and engagement and resulting in increase of their revenues.

Through our leading proprietary end-to-end mobile marketing platform and its adaptive analytic recommendation modules our customers can reliably use mobile and traditional media to manage, and optimize mobile marketing campaigns, run customer retention programs and offer innovative content solutions,consumers and converting them into customers. We have worked with hundreds of mobile operators and brands around the world to deliver high-quality mobile marketing solutions to consumers.

With global presence, Velti supports its customers with highly experienced teams that deliver marketing initiatives through the mobile channel.

We believe that success is driven by constant innovation. To maintain our competitive edge in a ever-evolving industry, we continue our strong commitment to research and development and we invest in the latest technology trends, enhancing our products and solutions with sophisticated, artificial intelligence algorithms, machine learning and data-based modelling methods,raw data to actionable customer knowledge.

We also believe that a collaborative, creative culture, where every employee feels inspired to innovate is essential for our success, so we invest in the creation of a challenging, dynamic working environment, which encourages innovation and offers a versatile learning experience to our people as well as significant opportunities for advancement.

To find more about us or join our team, visit our website: 
https://www.velti.com ZaranTech is a premier global E-Learning company based out of Midwest Iowa, USA. We cater to individuals and corporates and provide IT training and certification programs in Niche IT Courses. Modes of training include Instructor led Live online training and Self Paced Video training. Courses are designed with Role Based methodology in mind. Our training programs are suitable for entry level and experienced IT professionals seeking to enhance their skills or Learn a New Technology and get Certified.

Our IT training team, comprises of Sr. Solution Architects, Project Managers, Business Analysts, Technical Leads and Senior Developers. The team's extensive experience in the design, implementation, and management of IT systems includes consulting with big 5 companies and teaching and training in Business Analysis, QA, QTP Selenium, Java J2EE, .Net, Salesforce, Informatica, Android Development, Cloud Computing, Analytics, Big Data Hadoop, Data Science, CRM, ERP, SAP Enterprise Solutions, and Business Process Management (BPM) Implementation solutions. 

ZaranTech provides e-learning courses for: 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

• BUSINESS ANALYSIS 
• JAVA J2EE ANGULARJS2
• QUALITY ASSURANCE 
• QTP, SELENIUM
• BIG DATA HADOOP (Dev & Admin), APACHE SPARK SCALA 
• PYTHON
• DEVOPS
• TABLEAU
• SALESFORCE, SALESFORCE LIGHTENING
• SAP (HANA 2.0, S/4HANA FINANCE AND LOGISTICS, BW/4HANA, HYBRIS, SUCCESSFACTORS, UI5 AND FIORI)
• SAP FICO, BPC, BO (BUSINESSOBJECTS), BODS, BW BI, BO IDT
• SAP NEW ASSET ACCT, CASH MANAGEMENT, MDG, 
• MICROSOFT .NET 
• DATA ANALYTICS
• CLOUD COMPUTING
• WORKDAY HCM
• PMP, AGILE SCRUM MASTER, PRINCE2

Contact: Email - info@zarantech.com Phone - +1 (515) 309-7846 OKAYA provides world-class IT CONSULTING & STAFFING SOLUTIONS to a global clientele, ranging from growth-stage SME's to the FORTUNE 1000. Since 2006, OKAYA has cultivated a database of over 1 million qualified profiles and a talented workforce spanning the US, UK, and India. 

FOCUS ON YOUR CORE BUSINESS
- 5-Step Recruitment Process saves on time and cost
- Payroll and Insurance Services mitigate administrative hassles
- Dedicated 24/7 Care Team solves our clients'​ issues

SERVICES OFFERED:
IT Consulting
Staff Augmentation
Software Development

INDUSTRY EXPERTISE:
Banking, Insurance and Capital Markets
Technology, Media, and Logistics
Discrete Manufacturing, Packaged Goods & Communication
Healthcare and Life Sciences
Automotive, Aerospace and Defense
Entertainment, Energy, and Retail

TECHNOLOGY DOMAINS:
Salesforce and Marketo Customer Relation Management
Global Consulting Positions (Agile Coach, BDM)
Application, Network and Compliance Security 
Analytics (Big Data, Hadoop, Data Science)
Continuous Integration and Deployment 
Hardware Design and Development
Database Oracle/Microsoft Data Warehouse
Enterprise Resource Planning
High Limit Insurances
Functional Leadership
Mobile Technologies
Web Application

WORK ENGAGEMENTS:
Contract 
Contract-to-Hire
Direct Hire (Permanent Placement)
MSP/VMS
Statement of Work Reed Business Information provides information, analytics and data to business professionals worldwide.

Our strong global products and services hold market-leading positions across a wide range of industry sectors including banking, petrochemicals and aviation where we help customers make key strategic decisions every day. 

RBI is part of RELX Group plc, a world-leading provider of information solutions for professional customers across industries.

RBI's most well-known brands include:

Accuity
Unmatched data services to optimise payment efficiency, facilitate transaction compliance, AML screening data and bank counterparty assessment. http://www.linkedin.com/company/accuity

ICIS
The world's largest petrochemical market information provider with energy and fertilizer divisions, providing pricing data, news, analysis and consulting. http://www.linkedin.com/company/30337

FlightGlobal 
The world's leading aviation media brand, providing intelligence and resources across the aviation and aerospace sectors. https://www.linkedin.com/company/flightglobal

XpertHR
For employment law, good practice and benchmarking information. https://www.linkedin.com/company/xperthr

Estates Gazette
Delivering news and data to the commercial property world via a portfolio of products including EGi, Estates Gazette magazine and Propertylink. http://www.linkedin.com/company/estatesgazette.com

Proagrica
Proagrica is RBI's umbrella brand for its agricultural portfolio encompassing software, data, analytics and media streams.
https://proagrica.com/

For vacancies at RBI UK go to www.rbi.jobs Rockstar Recruiters in Machine Learning

From San Francisco to Shanghai and everywhere in between, we recruit the best people into the most exciting companies, all over the world.

Do you want to change the world we live in?

Yes?

Us too…

For our hottest Big Data and Data Science jobs please visit 
www.bigcloud.io/hotjobs

****

🏆 Our hard work and expertise have been recognised in the following areas:

LinkedIn Top 10 Most Socially Engaged Specialist Boutique Firms in the EMEA, 2017 
LinkedIn Top 25 Most Socially Engaged Specialist Boutique Firms in the EMEA, 2016
Onalytica Top 100 Artificial Intelligence Publications 2017
Onalytica Top 100 Big Data Brands 2017 
Onalytica Top 100 Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Publications 2016 
Onalytica Top 100 Big Data Brands 2016
 Info Edge, India’s premier online classifieds company is fundamentally in the matching business. 

The umbrella brand has an online recruitment classifieds, www.naukri.com– India’s No. 1 Jobsite with over 75% traffic share, a matrimony classifieds, www.jeevansathi.com, a real estate classifieds, www.99acres.com– India’s largest property marketplace and an education classifieds, www.shiksha.com

Find out more about the Company at www.infoedge.in

At Info Edge we celebrate the spirit of new ideas and how we can create transformational experiences for the consumers using Data and Technology. While the Company has been growing at the anvil of Product, Technology, Design and Technology, in order to ensure that the most relevant products get matched to the consumer needs, the Company is increasingly turning towards Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Deep Learning.

We are now setting up a next generation Research Lab to build capability within the organization to solve large complex problems which can be game changer.

The Research Lab will leverage Data Science to innovate, disrupt and solve for key business problems, and lay foundation for our next-gen products. It will develop complex, scalable search and matching algorithms leveraging the vast amount of available user data available across our different platforms.

About Info Edge: Info Edge (India) Limited (NSE: NAUKRI) is among the leading internet companies in India. With a network of 62 offices located in 43 cities throughout India, Info Edge has 4,049 employees engaged in innovation, product development, integration with mobile and social media, technology and technology updation, research and development, quality assurance, sales, marketing and payment collection.

http://www.infoedge.in/research.asp Pythian is a global IT company that specializes in designing, implementing, and managing systems that directly contribute to revenue and business success. We help companies adopt disruptive technologies to advance innovation and increase agility. Our highly skilled technical teams work as an integrated extension of our clients’ organizations to deliver continuous transformation and uninterrupted operational excellence using our expertise in cloud, DevOps, big data infrastructure, advanced analytics, infrastructure management, and databases. Affectiva, an MIT Media Lab spin-off, is the pioneer in Emotion AI, the next frontier of artificial intelligence. Affectiva’s mission is to bring emotional intelligence to the digital world with our emotion recognition technology that senses and analyzes facial expressions and emotion. Our patented software is built on an emotion AI science platform that uses computer vision, deep learning and the world’s largest emotion data repository of more than 4.9 million faces analyzed from 75 countries, amounting to more than 50 billion emotion data points. 

Affectiva’s SDKs and APIs enable developers to add emotion-sensing and analytics to their own mobile apps, games, devices, applications and digital experiences. Affectiva is also used by more than 1,400 brands, like  Kellogg's, MARS and CBS to gather insight and analytics in consumer emotional engagement. IHiS is a multiple award-winning Healthcare IT Leader that digitises, connects, and analyses Singapore's health ecosystem. Its ultimate aim is to improve the Singapore population's health and health administrations by integrating intelligent, highly resilient, and cost effective technologies with process and people.  

Being proudly recognised as a TAFEP Human Capital Partner (HCP), IHIS is committed to grow our businesses and stay competitive by having progressive employment practices, and developing our human capital.

IHiS played a key role in helping all major public healthcare institutions become amongst the first in Asia Pacific to achieve HIMSS EMRAM Stage 6 and 7, international benchmarks for advanced technology used in patient care.

Transforming healthcare through smart technology, IHiS has garnered more than 80 awards for its innovations. It supports more than 50,000 healthcare users in Singapore's health ecosystem through the application of clinical informatics, computer science, data science, mechatronics, standards based IT that enables information exchange and cross boundary workflows, analysis, statistical and machine learning techniques to discover insights.  Founded in 1957, the National Radio Astronomy Observatory (NRAO) is a Federally Funded Research and Development Center (FFRDC) that is part of the National Science Foundation (NSF) and operated under cooperative agreement by Associated Universities, Inc. (AUI).  The NRAO has designed, built and operated several radio telescopes in the North American region, and is a major contributing partner with the design, construction and operation of the largest international radio telescope site to date, located in Chile, South America.  Additionally, the NRAO built critical components for a successful satellite project launched by NASA.  The field of radio astronomy has produced 6 Nobel Prize Laureates.

As a facility of the NSF, the NRAO conducts basic and applied research in science and engineering, as it relates to radio astronomy and radio science.  Research engineers and astronomers are tasked with creating state-of-art instruments from components designed by a cadre of researchers with expertise in a variety of technical fields including semiconductors, photonics, electronic control systems, software algorithms, cyber infrastructure, data management systems, automated processing workflow, RF design, structural/materials engineering and cryogenics.  Astronomical observers are tasked with unlocking the secrets of the cosmos.

Laboratories
•    Headquarters & North American ALMA Science Center (NAASC), Charlottesville, VA
•    Central Development Laboratory (CDL) at NRAO Technology Center (NTC),  Charlottesville, VA
•    Jansky Laboratory, Green Bank, WV
•    Pete V. Domenici Science Operations Center (DSOC), Socorro, NM

Telescopes
•    Robert C. Byrd Green Bank Telescope (GBT), Green Bank, WV
•    Karl G. Jansky Very Large Array (VLA), Plains of San Agustin, NM
•    Very Long Baseline Array (VLBA), North-Western Hemisphere multiple sites
•    Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA), Chajnantor, Chile We believe good food creates special memories, nurtures the soul, and brings people closer together. 

Headquartered in El Segundo, CA, Chef'd is an at-home, high-quality ingredient meal marketplace that partners with famous chefs, CPG brands, health experts, renowned media publications, and culinary influencers to create recipes that make it easy for anyone to cook like a pro at home. 

Launched in late April 2015, Chef'd was created to help consumers rethink the home-cooked meal by offering fresh, pre-portioned ingredients to help eliminate food waste and cut grocery costs without the hassle of subscription or membership fees. Our premium meal kits are available for order online or at grocery retailers around the country. 

Chef'd, an innovative and venture-backed series-B company, is experiencing high growth as we scale to new markets and distribution channels. Current locations include HQ in El Segundo, CA, and Operations facilities in Pico Rivera, CA and Brooklyn, NY.  Upsight is a comprehensive web and mobile marketing platform. We empower the world’s best marketers to build personal, profitable relationships with their customers.

Our proven enterprise marketing solutions afford our clients the power and flexibility needed to execute sophisticated strategies that keep customers engaged, retained and monetized. Upsight is built from the ground up to handle the unique challenges of scalable, portfolio-driven businesses that depend on premium targeted messaging and multi-stream revenue optimization.

Our platform gives marketers the 360° understanding of customer behavior needed to deliver the right message, to the right customer on the right channel. Unlike other marketing platforms, our best-in-class analysis and data visualization tools empower anyone to definitively evaluate campaign effectiveness and immediately optimize their efforts without the need for additional engineering resources or specialized technical knowledge.

Upsight unifies flexible growth marketing tools with granular downstream reporting to make it easy for marketers to optimize even the most powerful campaigns for maximum ROI. 

To learn more about how Upsight can empower your marketing efforts, visit https://www.upsight.com. Brandeis International Business School provides an education grounded in rigorous economic and financial theory and gives students the knowledge, skills and experiences they need to build rewarding lives as citizens and professionals in the global economy. The school is located in close proximity to Boston, Massachusetts, and is part of Brandeis University, one of the world's leading research universities.

Program Offerings
Four graduate degrees:

• Master of Arts in International Economics and Finance (MA)
• Master of Business Administration (MBA)
• Master of Science in Finance (MSF)
• Master of Business Analytics (MSBA)*
• PhD in International Economics and Finance (PhD)

Undergraduate programs:
• Business major and minor
• BA/MA and BA/MBA programs

*pending final approval of the Board of Trustees Based in Harvard Square and New York City, Kensho deploys scalable machine intelligence and analytics systems across the most critical government and commercial institutions in the world to solve some of the hardest analytical problems of our time. In 2016 Kensho was named by Fortune as one of the "5 Hottest Companies in Fintech,"​ and it topped Forbes'​ inaugural and 2016 lists of the most innovative Fintech companies in the world. In 2017 at Davos, Kensho was named a "Technology Pioneer"​ by the World Economic Forum—one of most innovative technology companies—of any kind—in the world. Curious technologists and data scientists, please say hello: jobs@kensho.com DWA, a Merkle Company, is a global media and marketing agency for technology companies. With its feet in media and its head in data and analytics, DWA has a fascination with the art and science of engaging people. That's why you'll find us at the intersection of media, technology and strategic marketing. Operating from nine offices around the world covering North America, EMEA and Asia Pacific, DWA offers a range of services such as programmatic media, marketing automation, account-based marketing and content marketing consulting – all for hundreds of the world's best technology companies. For more about DWA, visit www.dwamedia.com.


DWA has the following certifications:
- SMB Premier Google Partner
- Google AdWords Qualified
- Google Analytics Certified
- Adobe Partner
- Marin Certified
- DataXu Certified
- Baidu Certified Radius provides unlimited access to B2B data and intelligence to help you reach your best prospects on every channel. Our platform connects intelligence and omnichannel integrations with the largest, most accurate B2B data source — The Network of Record™

The backbone of the Radius platform, The Network of Record is the industry’s most comprehensive, accurate and up-to-date source of B2B data. Fueled by a Network-effect driven model, it is the backbone of our platform, giving you unlimited access to accounts and contact data.

With tight integrations with sales and marketing platforms such as Salesforce.com, Oracle Eloqua, and Marketo, as well as digital channels, Radius customers can zero in and take action on this rich data source and intelligence immediately. Join the community of leading companies that rely on Radius to drive new revenue from every sales and marketing campaign. For more information visit www.radius.com. 

 About Genomic Health 
Genomic Health, Inc. (NASDAQ: GHDX) is the world's leading provider of genomic-based diagnostic tests that help optimize cancer care by addressing the overtreatment of the disease, one of the greatest issues in healthcare today. With its Oncotype IQ® Genomic Intelligence Platform, the company is applying its world-class scientific and commercial expertise and infrastructure to lead the translation of clinical and genomic big data into actionable results for treatment planning throughout the cancer patient journey, from diagnosis to treatment selection and monitoring. The Oncotype IQ portfolio of genomic tests and services currently consists of the company's flagship line of Oncotype DX gene expression tests that have been used to guide treatment decisions for more than 750,000 cancer patients worldwide. Genomic Health is expanding its test portfolio to include additional liquid- and tissue-based tests, including the recently launched Oncotype SEQ® Liquid Select™ test. The company is based in Redwood City, California, with international headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland. For more information, please visit, www.GenomicHealth.com and follow the company on Twitter: @GenomicHealth,  Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn.

About Oncotype DX®
The Oncotype DX® portfolio of breast, colon and prostate cancer tests applies advanced genomic science to reveal the unique biology of a tumor in order to optimize cancer treatment decisions. The company's flagship product, the Oncotype DX Breast Recurrence Score®, has been shown to predict the likelihood of chemotherapy benefit as well as recurrence in invasive breast cancer. Additionally, the Oncotype DX Breast DCIS Score™ predicts the likelihood of recurrence in a pre-invasive form of breast cancer called DCIS. In prostate cancer, the Oncotype DX Genomic Prostate Score™ predicts disease aggressiveness and further clarifies the current and future risk of the cancer prior to treatment intervention. With more than 750,000 patients tested in more than 90 countries, the Oncotype DX tests have redefined personalized medicine by making genomics a critical part of cancer diagnosis and treatment. To learn more about Oncotype DX tests, visit www.OncotypeIQ.com, www.MyBreastCancerTreatment.org or www.MyProstateCancerTreatment.org. Nityo Infotech is an information technology consulting company with its headquarters in Pittsburgh, USA and has a global presence spanning across USA, EMEA, APAC and India. Nityo is having operations in 17 countries with 27 offices across globe including US, Europe and Asia.

At Nityo, our key focus is to empower our customers with customised business solutions through state of the art technology and best‐of‐breed business processes. Our portfolio of solutions and services includes infrastructure management services, outsourcing , system integration, Application Software development , IT consulting, IT Security Consulting , Cloud Computing, Data Science , Big Data Analytics , Artificial Intelligence, Industry specific products implementation & Support , Quality Assurance & Training. Nityo provides these services to several clients located across the globe, including many Fortune 1000 and Global 2000 companies, in the commercial, industrial and government sectors - across key vertical markets, like financial services, Manufacturing & Semiconductor, life sciences and healthcare, retail, telecommunications and utilities, Top notch System Integrator, and independent software vendors. 

Nityo has grown to become a global service provider of Infrastructure Management Services, Intellectual Property (IP) Leveraged Solutions, and IT Services, focused on the telecom, media, technology, manufacturing, power and healthcare industries. Our services span from Application Management Outsourcing, Packaged Application Services, Independent Validation, Verification and Testing, Product Development, and Support, to higher value‐added offerings including Managed Platform and Product Engineering Services. Vendavo harnesses the power of Big Data to generate actionable insights that enable businesses to sell more profitably. Our margin and profit optimization solutions help global customers make better data-driven decisions for pricing and sales effectiveness. Using cutting-edge analytics and deep industry expertise, Vendavo boasts the largest number of implementations for B2B enterprises in the industry, having helped more than 300 company divisions dramatically increase revenue, improve profit margins and maximize shareholder value. Located across the globe, Vendavo is the solution of choice for Fortune 500 companies in industries such as chemicals and process industries, consumer packaged goods, wholesale distribution, energy and utilities, technology, industrial manufacturing, and medical devices and consumables. Learn how you can increase frontline responsiveness and effectiveness at http://www.vendavo.com. One of the Boston area's fastest growing technology companies, Jobcase is the only social media site dedicated to empowering America's workforce. Jobcase.com is a platform for managing the future of work where members have  one place to manage all things job-related, especially access to the knowledge, connections and wisdom of over 80 million other Jobcasers. Jobcase is an industry affiliated partner of MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, CSAIL, and Jobcase technology also powers over 100 job sites in the Jobcase Network.   Jobcase is a mission driven company that is focused on harnessing the power of Machine Learning, Big Data and Blockchain technology to empower people in their worklife.  (and yes, we are hiring!) Galvanize is a 21st Century school for entrepreneurs, engineers, and data scientists.  On eight campuses across the U.S., the energy, intellect and ambition of Galvanize students, members and alumni are at the heart of a learning community that promotes belonging, and that celebrates courage and growth. Our faculty and flexible blended-learning platform, combining part-time online education and in-person training, provide the most relevant and in-demand technical skills to anyone with the drive and determination to re-skill, up-skill and define success on their terms. Our members include first-time entrepreneurs, growing startups, and Fortune 1000 companies all looking to level-up. Become a member or enroll in an immersive course by visiting the Galvanize website.  Follow us: Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and YouTube. WorkFusion's Intelligent Automation empowers enterprise operations to digitize. WorkFusion combines robotic process automation (RPA), AI-powered cognitive automation, workflow, intelligent conversational agents, crowdsourcing and analytics into enterprise-grade products purpose-built for operations professionals. These capabilities let enterprise leaders digitize their operation, exponentially increasing productivity and improving service delivery. 

Born out of research in 2010 at MIT's Computer Science & Artificial Intelligence Lab (CSAIL), WorkFusion was founded by seasoned entrepreneurs, has attracted some of the sharpest investors in the industry, and is a leading software provider to Fortune 500 customers. We welcome your comments and questions at learn@workfusion.com. Recently named to Fast Company’s list of the World's Most Innovative Companies in 2017, Clique is a global media, marketing, and consumer brands company. Through its brands—Who What Wear, MyDomaine, Byrdie, CollegeFashionista, The Thirty, and Obsessee—Clique combines the power of data science with its expert editorial team to create content and products that millennial women and Gen Z girls crave. Clique’s two key marketing offerings, Clique Studios (an in-house creative agency) and INF Network (representing 55+ top bloggers and influencers), deliver integrated and native advertising programs, all while inspiring consumers to discover and shop. Over the past two years, Clique has developed a consumer products division, which launched in early 2016 with its first clothing, shoes, and accessories line exclusively with Target under the Who What Wear brand and recently added an activewear collection, in partnership with Target again, called JoyLab that was released in October 2017. 

 M Science is a data-driven research and analytics firm, uncovering new insights for leading financial institutions and corporations. 

Founded in 2002, M Science is revolutionizing research, discovering new data sets and pioneering methodologies to provide actionable intelligence. Our research teams have decades of expertise working with massive amounts of unstructured data in near real-time to discern critical insights that help clients make smarter, more informed decisions. We combine the best of finance, data and technology to create a truly unique value proposition for both financial services firms and top corporations.

M Science was founded as Majestic Research in 2002 and in 2016 was spun out to form M Science, a portfolio company of Leucadia National Corporation. At Sasaki, we believe in the transformative power of place. Places transcend physical spaces, becoming the context and the content of our experience of life.

For over sixty years, Sasaki has brought together the best of architecture, interior design, landscape architecture, planning, urban design, civil engineering, graphic design, place branding, and data science to shape the places in which we live. Out of our Boston and Shanghai offices we are defining the contours of place and redefining what’s possible along the way. Today we are a diverse practice of 270 professionals who share a singular passion for creating spaces and places around the world that prove human potential. TDWI: Transforming Data with Intelligence.

For 20 years, TDWI has been helping data professionals get smarter so the companies they work for can innovate and grow faster. 

What We Do
TDWI provides individuals and teams with a comprehensive portfolio of business and technical education and research to acquire the knowledge and skills they need, when and where they need them. The in-depth, best-practices-based information TDWI offers can be quickly applied to develop world-class talent across your organization’s business and IT functions to enhance analytical, data-driven decision making and performance.

TDWI advances the art and science of realizing business value from data by providing an objective forum where industry experts, solution providers, and practitioners can explore and enhance data competencies, practices, and technologies.

TDWI offers five major conferences, topical seminars, onsite education, a worldwide membership program, business intelligence certification, live Webinars, resourceful publications, industry news, an in-depth research program, and a comprehensive website: tdwi.org. 

►Get Connected to TDWI 
TDWI on Facebook—Become a fan and connect with over 7,600 data science, analytics and BI professionals. Show your support and network with others in the industry at http://facebook.com/tdwi.allthingsdata.

TDWI on LinkedIn—Join the TDWI LinkedIn Group and connect with over 60,000 data science, analytics and BI  professionals worldwide at http://tdwi.org/linkedin/tdwi.

TDWI on Twitter—Connect with over 23,000 BI/DW professionals and follow TDWI at http://twitter.com/tdwi. Counsyl is a DNA testing and genetic counseling service that offers genetic screening for men, women and their children. Our philosophy is simple - focus on diseases where advanced knowledge makes a difference in health outcomes, whether it's changing a behavior, pursuing preventative measures, or simply preparing for what lies ahead. Counsyl has screened over 750,000 patients and served over 10,000 health professionals in its modern clinical laboratory. From the purely mechanical to profoundly human, Counsyl strives to make genetic screening truly accessible to everyone. 

The team consists of world class engineers, scientists and clinical experts as well as a renowned engineering and scientific advisory board. Counsyl integrates sophisticated technology with custom robotic automation in its accredited medical laboratory. This focus on technology has made Counsyl a leader in helping patients and doctors communicate about medical results in real time. Its products have won the Wall Street Journal’s Innovation Award for Medicine, and have been named one of Scientific American's "Top 10 World Changing Ideas."​ R121 is an IT staffing company with a 16 year history in IT recruiting. We have a strong background in SAP and have also been successful supplying experts in Informatica, SalesForce, Oracle, Tableau, Microsoft, Netsuite, SharePoint and many more. 

We recruit IT professionals for our client's contract, contract to hire, and salaried vacancies. We thoroughly screen and check references on every candidate we present. This ensures our clients spend their time interviewing qualified candidates who are a fit for their unique position and do not waste time with fraudulent resumes. Recruiting people is not an exact science and people can act unexpectedly. We understand this and take every step possible to mitigate risk and ensure our clients avoid making bad hires. We do this by being relentless about validation, giving you unparalleled Value from Validation.

We seek information from our network, not from provided references - which means we have the unbiased scoop on thousands of contractors and FTE's. This means when you have a need, you can be assured that you will receive only suitable and credible options, often times people we have worked with previously. We know both who to avoid and who to use. Our unique screening process ensures bad hires and additional layers are avoided, resulting in quality at sensible price points.

Straightforward communication and honest business practices means upfront pricing and seamless billing.

Recruiting is our passion, relationships our specialty. We want our clients to connect with the most qualified, credible, reliable and ethical people in IT. There are tons of great hires in every town or city - the problem is that they are the minority and that the unqualified majority seem to always be the first to respond to your positions!

R121 vets everyone, after collating 13 years of information and research we avoid the majority and present the minority! Narrative Science is the leader in natural language generation (NLG) for the enterprise. Quill™, its NLG platform, learns and writes like a person, automatically transforming data into narratives—insightful, conversational communications full of audience-relevant information that provide complete transparency into how analytic decisions are made. For more information on Narrative Science, visit http://narrativescience.com/. New Resources Consulting is a leading management and technology consulting firm with offices in Milwaukee, WI; Overland Park, KS; and Winston-Salem, NC. We work with companies - large and small, in a variety of industries - to improve business through technology. Our specialties include enterprise application implementation and integration, data science strategies, program and project management, and application development consulting services. 

New Resources Consulting is a member of the New Resources Family of Companies. Devereux Advanced Behavioral Health is one of the largest and most advanced behavioral healthcare organizations in the country. Informed by the latest advancements in science and medicine, we combine evidence-based interventions with compassionate family engagement to help change lives. We were founded in 1912 by special education pioneer, Helena Devereux. Today, Devereux is a national nonprofit partner for individuals, families, schools and communities, serving many of the most vulnerable members of our society in areas of autism, intellectual and developmental disabilities, specialty mental health, and child welfare.

What We Do:
Devereux Advanced Behavioral Health employs more than 7,000 staff and operates 15 centers in 13 states. We offer a comprehensive national network of clinical, therapeutic, educational, and employment programs and services that positively impact the lives of tens of thousands of children, adults – and their families – every year. 

Our programs are offered in hospital, residential, community and school-based settings. They include: 
- Comprehensive Assessment, Diagnostics and Measurement to support data-driven care 
- Evidence-based Treatment and Special Education 
- Transition and Independent Life Services 
- Family Education and Professional Training 
- Research and Innovation to advance the field 
- Advocacy, Public Awareness and Prevention

Our Mission: Devereux Advanced Behavioral Health changes lives – by unlocking and nurturing human potential in people living with emotional, behavioral or cognitive differences. Penn State Great Valley School of Graduate Professional studies offers diverse graduate and professional programs that focus on business, engineering, and technology. Located west of Philadelphia in Malvern, we are the first graduate campus to be established in a corporate park solely to meet the needs of working professionals. Penn State Great Valley also offers exceptional conference planning services, enhanced by faculty support and state-of-the-art technology and facilities. CB Insights has built a tech market intelligence platform that analyzes millions of data points on venture capital, startups, patents, partnerships and news media to predict technology trends.

We believe that technology and probability are better than talking heads and punditry when it comes to helping our clients predict their next market, their next acquisition, their next investment, their next customer or their competitor's next move.

We were initially backed by the National Science Foundation and bootstrapped to millions in revenue before taking venture capital financing in late 2015.

Cisco, Salesforce, Castrol, Gartner, as well as top-tier VCs including, NEA, Upfront Ventures, RRE, and FirstMark Capital rely on CB Insights to make decisions based on data, not decibels. At Cambridge Analytica we understand that every customer, every cause, and every campaign is unique. That's why we help you connect with every member of your audience on an individual level in ways that engage, inform and drive them to action.

We bring together 25 years'​ experience in behavioral change, pioneering data science, and cutting-edge technology to offer unparalleled audience insight and engagement services and products. James, formerly known as CrowdProcess, is a data science company responsible for the risk management tool with the same name that has been adopted by financial institutions in Europe, US, and Africa. 

James was built to make risk officers'​ lives easier by helping them achieve lower default rates and better origination practices. In order to do so, we designed an interface that grants these professionals an higher predictive power through the application of advanced scientific computing capabilities (e.g., machine learning and advanced optimization).

Our belief is that the only way to make the financial system safer is to empower the right people with powerful scientific computing tools. Engaging Civic Scotland: Driving Economic Growth

SCDI is Scotland's leading economic development organisation. SCDI's aim is to influence and inspire government and key stakeholders to create sustainable economic prosperity for Scotland, an ambition as relevant today as it was when SCDI was established in 1931.   
    
SCDI's influential membership across the private, public and social economy sectors including global businesses, SMEs, colleges & universities, government agencies, local authorities, trade unions, charities and social enterprises. This unique gathering of knowledge, experience and talent provides a dynamic and creative force for change.

www.scdi.org.uk At Displayr, we're working to solve the biggest problem in data science: it is just too hard to do.

We're building apps that brings data science, visualization, and reporting to everyone. Our two main products are Displayr, the world's first complete data science tool; and Q, the complete toolkit for market researchers. Our core business is a combination of advanced software engineering and data science, coupled with elegant design. 

We currently have offices in Sydney, Chicago, and London.

We are always keen to speak with potential new staff, and we post our latest vacancies on LinkedIn - check out the Jobs list on this page.
 We are the ROI-driven data science consultancy. How do we do it? We implement a business science methodology to cut to the core of business problems and develop decision-making tools that empower your people to take your business to the next level. Find out more about our data science services or contact us (www.business-science.io)!

Love to learn? We do too! That's why we are launching Business Science University to teach our consulting methodology + data science tools to you. To learn more, visit www.university.business-science.io. 

We are growing! Let us know if you are interested in joining our network of data scientist consultants. If you have expertise in Marketing Analytics, Data Science for Business, Financial Analytics, or any other form of data science / data engineering, we’d love to talk. Contact us! Xomnia is the leading Dutch big data company that empowers organizations to create maximum value out of data. We excel in generating value from data by developing, integrating and maintaining your big data platforms and predictive solutions. Xomnia’s big data training programs enable and further develop the data driven capabilities of your own employees. We deliver long term data science and big data engineering capacity through our traineeships. When in need of a temporary capacity boost, we share our experienced big data experts with you. 

In Xomnia you will find the full-service big data partner to realize your data driven ambitions.  Softrams is a Maryland & Virginia-based small business information technology, consulting, and solutions provider specializing in emerging technologies for UX/UI, Mobile Apps, DevOps, Big Data Analytics, Data Science, and Cyber Security. We offer innovative technology implementations and build customer-centric services that are simple, intuitive, scalable, efficient and most importantly usable.

Softrams helps customers do business better by leveraging our industry-wide experience, deep technology expertise, comprehensive portfolio of services and vertically aligned business model. Our Agile Center of Excellence (CoE) focuses on 15+ emerging technologies which enable us to rapidly deliver applications that provide value for our clients. We believe in prototypes, and we invest in solutions to accelerate time to market.

We at Softrams, believe in agile repeatable processes, modern technologies, intuitive user interfaces, simple solutions, user-centric services that work for our clients and their customers. We emphasize clean, high-quality coding, continuous integration & testing, and automated deployments in scalable hosting environments. We believe in “fail fast” and transparency in our work. Softrams is committed to delivering continuous business value to our clients. KF Beauty is a dynamic, data-driven marketing company based in London UK, with offices in Miami USA. At KF Beauty we develop competitive brands within the Beauty Industry by using cutting-edge science technology to make them unique. By leveraging technology, native content advertising, influencer marketing and traditional print media advertising our brands have proven successful across the beauty sector.

KF Beauty works with a number of top publishers to reach desired audiences across print, editorial reviews and social media channels – supporting our brands and the retailers we work with.

A company that get its products and get its customers. Boost AI is a software company founded in Stavanger in 2016 by Lars Ropeid Selsås, Henry Vaage Iversen and Hadle Ropeid Selsås.

We specialize in artificial intelligence (AI) and have developed James™, a market-leading platform for virtual agents. Our team includes experts from Silicon Valley with world class competence in machine learning, deep learning, natural language processing, advanced neural networks and big data. 

We supply over 30 major companies and organizations with custom virtual agents.

Thanks to our natural language processing (NLP) algorithms - the most robust in the world - virtual agents built on our platform can comprehend what the users are enquiring, even if they use slang, dialects or have made spelling mistakes. 

The language support in the James™ platform is outstanding. Virtual agents built on our platform can switch seamlessly between an unlimited number of languages instantly in the same chat window. Our software can be implemented in any communication channel - including social media.

The company is headquartered in Stavanger, Norway. Mercury Fund is an early-stage venture capital firm. With over $200 million under management, Mercury focuses on entrepreneurs and technology innovation originating in the U.S. Midcontinent. Our investment themes target SaaS, Cloud, and Data Science/AI platforms that make the industrial ecosystems of Middle America more competitive and efficient.

Over a decade ago, Mercury recognized the rise of entrepreneurs and innovation in the underinvested Midcontinent. Our venture investment strategy leverages our unparalleled network of midcontinent startup development organizations, corporate innovation partners, and co-investors to assist entrepreneurs with the resources they need to rapidly scale their businesses. We have spent our professional careers advising, mentoring, and investing in Mid-American entrepreneurs. We believe now, more than ever, the Midcontinent represents a great venture capital opportunity. Remine delivers real estate intelligence to Agents via the MLSs. Our platform analyzes property records, transaction history, consumer data and delivers opportunities on an intuitive user interface.  Welcome to the INFARE World.

Check our page for regular updates about conferences we will attend, free webinars, talks and job openings! 

For the past 17 years we have committed ourselves to create transparency in the highly dynamic competitive environment of the aviation industry. 
The reliability of our airfare analytics and the quality of our web-fare data have enabled us to become the world’s leading provider of Airfare Intelligence Solutions to the aviation industry.

Every day we collect over 2 billion airfare observations from over 1000 online booking sites. We deliver 3.5 billion airfare observations each day to customers worldwide, while providing them with state-of-the-art analytic tools which give them full access to a world of fast and reliable fare analysis. 

Our analytic tools are trusted and used by 240 Airlines, 20 Airports, and several OTA's all over the world. 

From a technical perspective, we are a rapidly evolving company in the field of applied Data Science, integrating cutting edge Big Data technologies used for the most innovative products in the fields of smart analytics, visualisation, data processing and data delivery. 

We are headquartered in Copenhagen with satellite offices in Vilnius, Krakow, Geneva, Istanbul, Seattle, New Delhi and Rio de Janeiro. The Faculdade de Psicologia da Universidade de Lisboa (FPUL) has the mission of offering worldclass training and research in the field of Psychology and Cognitive Science, investing in the dissemination of Psychology as science and intervention scientifically grounded. Aimed at offering the community a response to its psychological needs in a fair and sustained way in the best Psychological Science. 
The FPUL training offer includes courses at Integrated Master, Master, Postgraduate, Master's, PhD and Post-Doctoral levels, aiming at the training of psychologists to intervene with scientific rigor and critical thinking in the fields of health, education, environment and work. The research and intervention carried out aim to respond to current societal challenges such as the creation of healthy organizations, changing environmental behaviors, combating mental illness in the modern world, promoting learning and well-being in school. 
Advanced research training in psychology is one of the building blocks of the scientific activity of the FPUL in preparing new researchers and future professionals in psychology. The FPUL committed to strengthen available resources for research including specific training to develop research competencies.
Special distinction goes to the Experimental Psychology Laboratory that provides all the necessary conditions to the development of studies with behavioral measures both at individual and group level. Particular distinction also to a EEG Lab and a motion capture system that allow for the acquisition of specific continuous data and to a recording study for auditory stimuli. 
 The FPUL is committed to the promotion of a scientific activity of excellence and with a significant contribution to the progress of psychological science. The Faculty encourages a wider and diversified dissemination of the investigation carried out by its researchers, through communications in the more important scientific meetings and through different types of publications that may provide the opportunity to acknowledge the scientific activity of the FPUL at national and international level. The FPUL established its own Ethics committee, to ensure that the scientific activity follows the highest ethical standards for psychological research. 
Agilisium consulting is a digital systems integrator in data, analytics and insights with global delivery capabilities. Our key focus is on delivering incremental business insights through Big Data, Analytics, and Insights solutions over cloud platforms while achieving 30% TCO reduction. 

We kickoff engagements within a week’s notice and reduce time to market by 25%, thanks to our standby cloud specialists and home-grown accelerators. 

Our unique digital solutioning approach incorporates agility and flexibility to adapt with the rapidly changing business climate of digital businesses and achieve ROI within 12 to 18 months
 Eversight leverages AI and experimentation to create and deliver smart, dynamic pricing and targeted promotions at scale. The Eversight platform has driven results for more than 1,500 product groups on 50 retailers and digital platforms. Global brands and retailers rely on the Eversight platform to optimize pricing and respond to market conditions, deliver higher ROI on promotional spend, and enable data-driven collaboration on investments. Eversight’s flagship product, Eversight Offer Bank, is delivering more personalized and engaging promotions at customers such as Coca-Cola, Hershey’s, Mars, and Molson Coors, and generating 10-25% improvement in sales volume. Founded in 2013, Eversight is venture-backed and headquartered in Palo Alto, California.   

For more information, visit: www.eversightlabs.com Leadics is a decision science firm that combines enterprise and market data analysis with deep domain expertise to solve core business problems. We leverage result-oriented analytics solutions to help our clients make smarter fact-based business decisions.

Leadics brings strong business and functional knowledge across sectors like Automotive, Energy, Consumer products, Retail and Financial Services with expertise in analytics, quantitative modeling, visualization tools and technology to deliver sustainable and scalable decision support systems.

Our team includes practitioners with strong academic pedigree and global experience in management consulting, analytics, business intelligence and IT implementation with marquee firms. BigID is transforming enterprise protection and privacy of personal data. Organizations are facing record breaches of personal information and proliferating global privacy regulations with fines reaching 4% of annual revenue. Today enterprises lack dedicated purpose built technology to help them track and govern their customer data. By bringing data science to data privacy, BigID aims to give enterprises the software to safeguard and steward the most important asset organizations manage: their customer data. | bigid.com, info@bigid.com

email:          info@bigid.com
twitter:         https://twitter.com/bigidsecure
medium:      https://medium.com/bigid-on-id-privacy REC4IT is an Amsterdam based Talent Acquisition Company specialized in Digital Technology. We have the know-how and expertise to properly match the highly skilled candidates within our extensive network, with vacant positions across diverse companies. Pairing candidates career objectives, qualifications and character with clients desired specifications. We aim to unite people with opportunities, our candidates with careers, and our clients with outstanding staff. We make this happen through a transparent process, personal relationships and culture fitting. 

We build teams! 

Our expertise lies in the fields of: 

✔ Software (Mobile & Web) Development
✔ Data Science & Business Intelligence
✔ UX, Interaction & Visual Design 
✔ Testing & Quality Assurance 
✔ Art Direction & Creative
✔ IT Project Management 
✔ IT Infrastructure 
✔ IT Architecture

REC4IT knows that attracting the right talent plays a major role in the success of a business. We also understand how increasingly competitive the IT industry has become and are aware of the fact that time is of essence. Therefore we go the extra mile to establish matches in the most efficient and effective possible manner, above all else we value quality over quantity providing you with the highest professional standards of services that you would expect and deserve when partnering up with us.

We offer several recruitment services based on your demands. 

•	Recruitment Process Outsourcing 
•	No Cure No Pay 
•	Temporary Staffing Solutions 
•	Recruiters Network

Get in contact now via info@rec4it.com or call +31(0)202219772. The Government Technology Agency of Singapore (GovTech) aims to transform the delivery of Government digital services by taking an "outside-in"​ view, putting citizens and businesses at the heart of everything we do. We also develop the Smart Nation infrastructure and applications, and facilitate collaboration with citizens and businesses to co-develop technologies. Consistently rated in the top 10 universities in the world, Imperial College London is the only university in the UK to focus exclusively on science, medicine, engineering and business.

At Imperial we bring together people, disciplines, industries and sectors to further our understanding of the natural world, solve major engineering problems, lead the data revolution and improve health and well-being. GQR is a global talent acquisition and advisory firm specializing in the procurement of rare talent to the world’s most challenging industry sectors. 
 
Advanced specialization, proactive talent acquisition and global access form the centerpiece of our approach, enabling our people to collaborate with colleagues both locally and around the world to deliver highly skilled professionals to the most prestigious and technical industries. 
 
Unparalleled market knowledge, unwavering drive and steadfast efficiency are what define our success. We are proud of our role as trusted ambassadors and advisers to elite institutions and aspirational leaders alike.  
 
Our strategic approach to talent acquisition, confidence in navigating uncharted territory and high standards of accountability are what make our success a reality. Omnicom Media Group is a key business within Omnicom Group Inc., one of the world’s leading marketing services holding companies. Our global headquarters are in New York City. 

Omnicom Media Group, UK exists to fuel excellence across its agencies – OMD UK, Manning Gottlieb OMD, Hearts & Science, PHD, Rocket - and its Specialist Services including Annalect, Accuen, Fuse, Drum, ethnic and barter.

Omnicom Media Group, UK's agencies are: 

OMD UK - Culturally Connected

Manning Gottlieb OMD - Continually Creating Difference 

Hearts & Science

PHD - Finding A Better Way 

Rocket - Know More Evalueserve is a global professional services provider offering research, analytics, and data management services. We’re powered by mind+machine – a unique combination of human expertise and best-in-class technologies that use smart algorithms to simplify key tasks. This approach enables us to design and manage processes that can generate and harness insights on a large scale, significantly cutting costs and timescales and helping businesses that partner with us to overtake the competition. 

We work with clients across a wide range of industries and business functions, helping them to make better decisions faster; reach new levels of efficiency and effectiveness; and see a tangible impact on their top and bottom line.

Read more about mind+machine in our blog: http://blog.evalueserve.com/ Sia Partners is an independent management & operational strategy consulting company, organized around the following Business Units: Energy & Environment, Financial Services, Transportation &
Industry, Telecommunications, Actuarial Sciences, Human Resources.

Sia Partners has now more than 1000 consultants and projected revenues of 140 million euros (2016/2017). The Group has an international presence with 20 offices, the United States representing its second largest market with almost 10% of the revenue.

Straight from the start, Sia Partners stated the following key elements:

- Offer strong value-creating advice based on profound analysis of our clients'​ businesses (competitive
developments, regulatory impacts, organizational redesigns)

- Promote the model of being a management consulting 'pure player'​, remaining independent from the IT
industry.

- Gradually develop the company sector by sector, in a logic of excellence.

Convinced of the relevance of its positioning, Sia Partners boasts a strong development and aims to
become a leading independent management consulting company in Europe. Lund University was founded in 1666 and is repeatedly ranked among the world’s top 100 universities. The University has 42 000 students and 7 400 staff based in Lund, Helsingborg and Malmö. We are united in our efforts to understand, explain and improve our world and the human condition.
 
Lund is the most popular study location in Sweden. The University offers one of the broadest ranges of programmes and courses in Scandinavia, based on cross-disciplinary and cutting-edge research. The compact university campus encourages networking and creates the conditions for scientific breakthroughs and innovations. The University has a distinct international profile, with partner universities in over 70 countries. 

Lund University has an annual turnover of SEK 8 billion, of which two-thirds go to research. Our research is characterised by both breadth and strength and, according to independent evaluations, over 30 of our research fields are world-leading.
 
The establishment of the world-leading facilities MAX IV and ESS will have a major impact on future scientific and industrial development in both materials science and life science. MAX IV, which was inaugurated in June 2016, is the leading synchrotron radiation facility in the world, while the European research facility ESS will be the world’s most powerful neutron source when it opens for research in 2023. Adjacent to these facilities, Science Village Scandinavia is also being developed into a meeting place and testing environment for research, education and entrepreneurship. 

About this page: 

Lund University’s official LinkedIn page is managed by the communications department at Lund University. 
 
You are welcome to comment on our posts, but please do not post anything containing inappropriate language, personal attacks, sexual harassment, spam or advertising, confidential personal data, or copyright material. Contributions are monitored and material that violates Swedish law or is off topic will be removed. InterQuest Group is an award-winning, specialist technology recruitment business that operates at the forefront of digital transformation. We recruit the in-demand, technical skills that are shaping the new digital economy across analytics, information security, digital, information technology, networks & change management. Collectively, our business provides a cohesive solution for every kind of organisation embarking on a digital transformation journey.

Please see the following overview of the different practices which make up the InterQuest Group:

• Analytics (Customer Insight, Digital Analytics, Data Science, Data Analytics, Actuarial, Risk)
• Networks (Network Infrastructure, Unified Comms, IoT/M2M, Enterprise Mobility, IVR, Data Centre)
• ECOM Recruitment (Strategy, Creative, Digital Comms, UX & Analytics, Development)
• Technology (ERP, ESM, Testing, Project Management & PMO, Analysis, Engineering, Development & DevOps, Architecture & Design, Network & Infrastructure, Sales)
• Change (IT Change, Process Improvement, HR Transformation, Change Leadership, Change Analysis, Regulatory Change)
• InfoSec (Governance, Access Management, Incident Response, Infrastructure Security, Incident Management, SIEM)
• Intelligent Automation (Blockchain, Business Analysis, Project Management, Business Process Automation / BPA tools, Technical Architects and Solutions leads, Strategy and Business Consultants, Chatbots)
• InterQuest Solutions (Managed Services Programmes, Recruitment Process Outsourcing)
• Public Sector, Not for Profit (Central government, local government, education, NHS & health, not for profit)
• Rees Draper Wright (Executive Search)

To find out more about how we can help you, call us today on: 

+44 (0) 20 7025 0100
 ETH Zurich – Where the future begins

Freedom and individual responsibility, entrepreneurial spirit and open-mindedness: ETH Zurich stands on a bedrock of true Swiss values. Our university for science and technology dates back to the year 1855, when the founders of modern-day Switzerland created it as a centre of innovation and knowledge. At ETH Zurich, students discover an ideal environment for independent thinking, researchers a climate which inspires top performance. Situated in the heart of Europe, yet forging connections all over the world, ETH Zurich is pioneering effective solutions to the global challenges of today and tomorrow.

Some 500 professors teach around 20,000 students – including 4,000 doctoral students – from over 120 countries. Their collective research embraces many disciplines: natural sciences and engineering sciences, architecture, mathematics, system-oriented natural sciences, as well as management and social sciences. The results and innovations produced by ETH researchers are channelled into some of Switzerland’s most high-tech sectors: from computer science through to micro- and nanotechnology and cutting-edge medicine. Every year ETH registers around 90 patents and 200 inventions on average. Since 1996, the university has produced a total of 330 commercial spin-offs. ETH also has an excellent reputation in scientific circles: 21 Nobel laureates have studied, taught or researched here, and in international league tables ETH Zurich regularly ranks as one of The Endress+Hauser Group:
Endress+Hauser  is a global leader in measurement instrumentation, services and solutions for industrial process engineering. The Group employs 13,000 personnel across the globe, generating net sales of more than 2.1 billion euros in 2016.

Products:
Endress+Hauser provides sensors, instruments, systems and services for level, flow, pressure and temperature measurement as well as analytics and data acquisition. The company supports customers with automation engineering, logistics and IT services and solutions. Our products set standards in quality and technology.

Industries:
We work closely with the chemical, petrochemical, food & beverage, oil & gas, water & wastewater, power & energy, life science, primaries & metal, renewable energies, pulp & paper and shipbuilding industries. Endress+Hauser supports its customers in optimizing their processes in terms of reliability, safety, economic efficiency and environmental impact.

Are you looking for an interesting new job?
We are constantly looking for talented and motivated new employees who can contribute to the success of our company.  All information about your career can be found at our career platform: http://www.endress.com/en/career

Credits: http://bit.ly/29xq0k1 We started out in 1760 as a marine classification society. Today, we're one of the world's leading providers of professional services for engineering and technology – improving safety and increasing the performance of critical infrastructures for clients in over 75 countries worldwide. 

The profits we generate fund the Lloyd's Register Foundation, a charity which supports science and engineering-related research, education and public engagement around everything we do. All of this helps us stand by the purpose that drives us every single day: Working together for a safer world.
 
In a world of increasing complexity – overloaded with data and opinion - we know that our clients need more than technology to succeed. They need an experienced hand. A partner to listen, cut through the noise and focus on what really matters to them and their customers. Our engineers and technical experts are dedicated to assurance. That means a commitment to embracing new technology, and a deep rooted desire to drive better performance. So we consider our customers'​ needs with diligence and empathy, then use our expertise and over 250 years'​ experience to deliver the smart solution for everyone.

 After all, there are some things technology can't replace.
 IDG Communications, Inc.

We connect the world of tech buyers with insights, intent and engagement. 

We believe technology exists to make the world a better place. It shortens distances, increases knowledge and drives change. But technology alone serves no one. It lacks purpose. It lacks heart. It is computing power without brain power, a half-measure that falls short of its potential.

At IDG, we bridge art and science, design and technology, capturing the energy that is released when these worlds are combined. It starts with our people and our rich history of technology media leadership. 

Today, IDG is the world’s leading technology media, data and marketing services company. We are the new model of a modern media company, with a data-driven approach and marketing services that accelerate purchasing and deepen engagement. We use our data and experience to see what others can’t. We build meaningful relationships to put those insights to work for the all-powerful, the up-and-comers and the game changers.

IDG influences the most powerful tech buyers in the world—from business technologists to enthusiasts and everyone in between. Our brands are now household names in 97 countries.

At the heart of technology is IDG.

- Advertise with IDG: http://idg.me/2flyIQi
- Subscribe to IDG's daily tech marketing newsletter: http://idg.me/2flzlt0

Follow us on our other social media channels: 
- Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/IDGWorld/
- Twitter: https://twitter.com/IDGWorld Tatras Data provides on demand data science services for clients requiring deeper skills, team scalability and faster time to market.   We provide clients with a wealth of cutting edge expertise in the development and application of high end data analytics algorithms that convert their large repositories of data into actionable insight that can be leveraged to optimize their business processes.  Our team is a mix of entrepreneurs and scientists with decades of experience in application of real world datamining and predictive analytic solutions.  We engage with our customers through consulting services, project implementation and standing data science team management.

Whether you’re just getting started with business analytics, or need to outsource some of your existing activity, or are looking to use analytics as a competitive differentiator, Tatras will deliver the data science services your business requires. Kaggle provides cutting-edge data science, faster and better than most people ever thought possible. We have a proven track-record of solving real-world problems across a diverse array of industries including pharmaceuticals, financial services, energy, information technology, and retail.  Kaggle offers both public and private data science competitions and on-demand consulting by an elite global talent pool. Impetus is focused on creating big business impact through big data solutions for Fortune 1000 enterprises. The company offers a unique mix of software products, consulting services, data science capabilities and technology expertise. Impetus offers full life-cycle services for big data technology implementations, including technology strategy, solution architecture, proof of concept, production implementation and on-going support to its clients. Leverage our big data solutions for automated warehouse migration (Impetus Workload Migration Solution), real-time streaming analytics (StreamAnalytix,) and rapid application development on Spark (Visual Spark Studio). 

E-mail: inquiry@impetus.com
 One of Tennessee’s most prestigious centers, the Center for Research in Educational Policy (CREP) is a State Center of Excellence dedicated to improving PreK-12 education. A vital part of The University of Memphis’ research mission, we are proud to be one of the 21 research centers and institutes in the University of Memphis’ College of Education, Health and Human Sciences.  

The Center for Research in Educational Policy plans and conducts high-quality studies and evaluations to determine what works in schools. CREP has served as a direct contributor to research addressing the goals of Race to the Top and No Child Left Behind, as proposed by the National Academy of Sciences, the What Works Clearinghouse, and the Center on Innovation & Improvement. We meet the diverse needs of the educational community by designing valid and reliable instruments for data gathering. 

With national recognition for work in areas such as school reform and choice, teaching methods, school climate, educational technology, student attitude assessment, teacher support, parent and community involvement, technology use, program implementation, and student achievement, the CREP brings to the table diverse experience in education, evaluation, and practical solutions for schools.

At CREP, we also offer objective third-party evaluations that meet the requirement for third-party evaluators mandated by most major grantors, such as NSF and IES. In addition to our sizable bank of valid and reliable instruments, we design customized quantitative and qualitative survey, observation, and interview tools to meet the third-party evaluation needs of each project. 

While our work is wide-ranging, we have developed specialized areas of expertise. 
•	Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM)
•	School Leadership
•	Literacy 
•	School Climate and Culture
•	Educational Technology 
•	Federal Supplemental Educational Services
•	School Improvement and Effectiveness Hearts & Science has been inspired by confident marketers seeking business advantage in a world of personalized digital marketing, where CRM and addressable channels converge, and decisions must be made in real time to aggregate effective reach and deliver the right message at the right time.

Designed to inform brand strategies with real-time insights, Hearts & Science is a data-driven marketing agency with expert media planning and buying capabilities, among other services that include shopper marketing, marketing innovation and content activation. Xoriant Corporation is a software product engineering and services company, serving large enterprise software companies as well as mature technology start-ups. We offer a flexible blend of onsite, offsite and offshore services from our nine global delivery centers with over 2900 software professionals. Xoriant has deep client relationships spanning over 25 years with various clients ranging from startups to Fortune 100 companies.

Xoriant's Product Development and Engineering service line offers a full life cycle software development and engineering services to independent software vendors, systems companies and companies offering enterprise, cloud, web, social networking, media and mobile applications. Our services span product development, testing, technical support, implementation and sustaining engineering. Since 1980 ANALYTIC has been a leader in staffing roles that require analytic talent. Our practice is nationwide and focuses on quantitative positions in Data Science, Consumer and Commercial Risk Management, Marketing Analytics, Quantitative Research, Technology, Market Risk Management, Structured Products, Investment Portfolio Management, High Frequency Trading, Product Control and Valuation, Statistical Analysis, Digital Analytics, Business Intelligence, Operations Research, Supply Chain Management, Decision Sciences and more. 

We work across ALL industries and major business functions with clients that span Fortune 100 corporations to startups. We recruit at all levels from entry level to senior executives. We work closely with our clients and are very deliberate in matching skills, career goals and positions. 

Please visit our website for more information at www.analyticrecruiting.com. 

 We imagine breakthroughs in the way the world approaches investment management, insurance and related fields by following the scientific method. Our engineers and modelers develop ideas backed by information and improved by iteration. Empowered by extraordinary computing power and vast amounts of data, we build sophisticated predictive models to realize progress. 

Two Sigma is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.  We do not discriminate  based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics.

The information presented in this profile is offered for recruiting purposes only and should not be used for any other purpose.  As such, Two Sigma’s use of LinkedIn is not an offer to, or solicitation of, any potential clients or investors for the provision by Two Sigma of investment management, advisory or any other related services.  No information posted by Two Sigma should be construed as investment advice, or as an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any security or other instrument.  All trademarks, logos, information and photos are ®/TM/© Two Sigma Investments, LP or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Michigan Aerospace Corporation (MAC) is an advanced engineering and products company that provides innovative sensing, intelligent systems, and software solutions for space, air, and earth-bound applications. Our roots are in developing atmospheric measurement systems for aerospace customers, but we also apply these same technologies and expertise to solving problems closer to home, including clean energy, water management, and early-stage disease detection. Michigan Aerospace is part of the Springmatterâ˘(www.springmatter.com) commercialization umbrella, providing assistance to innovators and companies that need a little help bringing their concepts to life.

We offer a wide range of Engineering Services to meet the needs of our customers. Our multidisciplinary science and engineering team has experience in analysis, design, fabrication, testing and field support for a broad array of optical, mechanical, electrical, software applications.
 
Technologically, we specialize in the development of laser-based, optical and opto-mechanical systems that must operate in low signal-to-noise conditions and in harsh environments. We have almost two decades of experience in building end-to-end (hardware and software) systems that have been successfully deployed in space, airborne, and demanding terrestrial environments. We also provide guidance to companies on quality systems and regulatory compliance. We pride ourselves on providing innovative, responsive, and cost-effective solutions. Cognition is what drives human progress. Understanding the meaning of the data our minds process every second is one of our brain's most powerful functions. At Cognitev we try to bring this to machines using the power of Artificial Intelligence. The application of this science is limitless and can transform industries such as advertising, ecommerce, and more. Founded in 2010 to bring efficiency and transparency to intellectual property, Patexia leverages the collaboration power of its online community of IP professionals together with patent and lawsuit data and complex algorithms to provide its thousands of members worldwide, with multiple unique services, which can be broken down into four distinct arms, CCRI. Connect, Contest, Research, and Insights. 

CONNECT platform provides a marketplace for connecting thousands of IP professionals for full-time or part-time opportunities - from patent attorneys to agents, and technical experts to corporations and law firms. 

Our CONTEST platform allows us to provide complex IP Due Diligence, including Patent Portfolio Analysis. How? Through our robust crowdsourced prior art and evidence of use searches. 

Our members can perform eye-opening RESEARCH, using our array of free tools that offer powerful visualization and analysis of patent and lawsuit data. 

INSIGHTS change the way the industry looks at IP, with data-driven rankings and in-depth analysis of the IP sector – from multiple angles. 

Join the community today, and cut through the noise of the digital age. The Illinois State Geological Survey (ISGS) is part of the Prairie Research Institute at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The Survey is located in the Natural Resources Building on the University's 700-acre campus. This central Illinois location (map and driving directions) is just 130 miles south of Chicago. It is a cultural and educational center that is ranked as one of the top ten "high-tech"​ cities in the U.S. The area provides the attractive combination of small-city convenience and quality of life with ready access to world-class laboratory and academic facilities, Big Ten athletic events, and internationally acclaimed cultural opportunities.

The ISGS is a premier state Geological Survey serving the needs of Illinois with earth science information relevant to the State's environmental quality, economic vitality, and public safety. Some 200 scientists and technical support staff conduct basic and applied research in geology, compile geologic maps, and gather and manage the state's geological data to provide information to industry, governmental agencies and the public about the geology and mineral resources of Illinois.

Survey staff may conduct joint research projects, supervise graduate studies, and teach courses through joint appointments with the University. PredictiveHire is a team of data scientists, artificial intelligence experts, IO psychologists and recruitment industry veterans who’ve joined together on a mission to change the way candidate assessment is done, by leveraging the power of smart technology.

We believe all people decisions should be based on data and analytics – not gut feeling. With the help of technology, we want to level the candidate playing field and help reduce unconscious biases in the hiring process.

Offices in the US, UK and Australia. Boston Portfolio Advisors (“BPA”) is a nationally recognized  consulting and services firm that has been providing  high value-added, cost effective  solutions to our clients for over 38 years.  Clients include banks, funds, investors, portfolio originators and owners, attorneys and all other types of financial and investment firms. 
Our company profile is to be focused, thoughtful, cost effective and drive results for our clients. Most of our professionals have advanced finance, accounting, computer science and law degrees along with varied professional certifications.  BPA provides an extensive range of  credit and capital markets services including managing receivable and asset portfolios for optimal performance, valuation, compliance tools, surveillance and  monitoring, fund administration, expert witness litigation support and high powered data analytics. 
Our experience spans  many asset classes such as all types of real estate related loans, student loans, auto loans, commercial loans, leases, marketplace lending, merchant advances, credit cards, trade receivables and other unusual, esoteric assets. Much of our capital and credit market experience has been in complex structured situations across both performing and non-performing assets. 
We have deep expertise in complex transaction structures and bring years of experience in  all types of structured products and securitizations.

Through our complete understanding of complex transactional structures BPA brings great experience in the areas of securitizations, portfolio management, risk management, asset based lending, due diligence, litigation, valuation services and virtually all other areas of structured finance. We are a technology-enabled analytical solutions company. We drive business impact through a strong focus on P & L and Customers. We use a combination of our analytical expertise and technology to create a  man-machine blend of solutions that can be repeatably used by both large and small enterprises, at a much lower cost.

We help organizations step up in leveraging the benefits of analytics and data science applications by developing their analytics talent through our proprietary interactive simulation-based experiential analytics and data mining platform, Analyttica TreasureHunt. We have built this platform with 10+ man years of R&D efforts that can create 50+% efficiencies in client’s data analytics solutions and experiential analytic training requirements.

With liaison offices in NY, USA, and Bangalore/New Delhi, India, Analyttica is a fast-growing analytics start-up. We are a high-powered team of experienced professionals to lead the creation of pioneering analytical services and solutions. 

Our talent brings in a combined experience of 200+ years in fortune 100 companies with diverse skill sets including data mining, data quality, business analysis, segmentation & clustering, predictive modeling & governance, and unstructured data (text) analytics application to create business impact. 

We are highly passionate about the application of advanced analytics in various industries to provide analytical solutions to enterprises. Our forte is consumer banking in terms of the P & L, but we leverage all our past experiences in customer centricity across industries. The depth & breadth of our experience helps us rapidly connect with the business challenges and demonstrate quantifiable impact. Our clientele is primarily in USA and EU, which includes large MNCs. Conversion Logic delivers attribution, evolved: a cross-channel measurement platform that combines cloud analytics and machine learning for enterprise marketers. Built from the ground up for agility, innovation, and speed, Conversion Logic translates the most sophisticated data science on the market into clear, actionable insights across the customer journey. With media agnostic, real-time analytics and optimization, clients reduce friction, adapt and realize value more quickly than ever before. Meet attribution, evolved, at www.conversionlogic.com. UCI's Donald Bren School of Information & Computer Sciences (ICS) began as a pioneering academic department in 1968. In 2002, the department became the first school of its kind in the UC system. It was named for its benefactor, Donald Bren, in 2004.

The school includes three departments: computer science, informatics and statistics. Undergraduate students have an opportunity to pursue degrees in computer science, informatics, computer game science, software engineering, business information management, computer science and engineering, and data science. This diverse selection of majors enable students to gain in-depth knowledge of information and computer sciences while developing an understanding of the broad reach of the ever-changing discipline. The school enrolls more than 2,000 undergraduate students and more than 400 graduate students each year.

As the only computing-focused school in the UC system, ICS has been a leader in computer science and information technology through its innovative and broad curricula, research and development of emerging technologies, and collaborations that address societal issues. The school is committed to ensuring excellence through inclusion, producing a diverse, educated workforce for advancing technology, stimulating the economy and transferring new technology into the public realm to advance quality of life.

Faculty and graduate students are leaders in their fields, regularly obtaining competitive corporate and federal extramural grants, writing textbooks, publishing influential journal articles and participating in conferences and workshops around the globe. Building on a strong foundation of computer science fundamentals, the Bren School conducts highly interdisciplinary, cutting-edge research in a breadth of fields. Many faculty members and graduate students work on projects in biological and health sciences, engineering, social sciences, arts, humanities, education, business and law. The mission of the German startup Cliqz is to redesign the Internet for the user by combining the power of data, browser, and search. In Munich, over 140 experts from more than 30 countries develop browsers and browser extensions with integrated search engines to bring users to their destination in the most direct way while protecting their privacy.

Jean-Paul Schmetz founded Cliqz GmbH in 2008. Since May 2013, Cliqz GmbH has been majority-owned by Hubert Burda Media, one of Europe’s leading media corporations. In August 2016, Mozilla joined as a strategic minority investor. With Cliqz for Firefox launched in June 2014, the concept of searching quickly via the browser gained traction fast with 900,000 daily active users in just a few months. The Cliqz browser for Mac and Windows with integrated anti-tracking launched in March 2016, quickly followed by apps for iOS and Android.

Legal/ Impressum: https://cliqz.com/en/legal
Follow us:  🇩🇪 fb.com/CliqzDe 🌎 fb.com/CliqzEn
Twitter: twitter.com/Cliqz
Instagram: instagram.com/CliqzBrowser Passion. Vision. Collaboration. Perseverance. Results.
 
Founded in 1986 and headquartered in Ann Arbor, Michigan, RRS is a sustainability and recycling consulting firm. It makes a difference to work with a company that compliments its expertise with people driven by qualities to succeed.  Those qualities set RRS apart from others; they bring us together as a team. As a team, we deliver results. 
 
For nearly three decades, RRS has built data sets and cutting edge solutions based on science and real world application. To date, our experience includes more than 500 combined years in the field, working on more than 900 projects. 

RRS believes that to have an effective change you must look at the big picture and give due attention to every detail. We combine our drive and talent on right-sized teams to deliver a full service project, including analysis, planning, implementation, communication and reporting.  

RRS delivers what our clients need to manage change in their resource-constrained worlds. We are the MLOps Software Company.

The biggest challenge in driving successful AI initiatives is effectively managing the performance and business impact of Machine Learning in production. Taking ML into production incurs unique challenges brought on by the need to collaborate between the diverse practices of Ops and Data Science, the complicated nature of ML behavior, the complexities of runtime analytics environments, etc. 

ParallelM solves these issues, so that enterprises can apply the power of Machine Learning in Production to transform and scale their businesses.  AmazeTal is a data driven technology platform built to make the recruiting process faster, easier and more transparent for both job seekers and employers in the technology and data science industry. At AmazeTal, our mission is to provide a marketplace for job seekers to find the jobs they love and for employers to find the talent they deserve. Founded in 2004, Lima Consulting Group helps organizations develop, deploy and measure effective digital marketing strategies. 

LCG is a trusted advisor to digital marketers in the Americas, using a proprietary series of multi-disciplinary methodologies to improve their Return on Marketing Investment. The LCG team includes experts in strategy, data science, business intelligence, digital marketing and technology, who provide these services in the languages spoken throughout the Americas. With regional offices in Philadelphia and São Paulo, Brazil, LCG combines the personal touch of local services with world-class expertise.
Digital marketers work with LCG to develop, deploy and measure proven methodologies and best-practices, allowing them to optimize acquisition, conversion, retention and engagement. 

LCG maintains certifications or partnerships with leading innovators such as Adobe, IBM, Ensighten, Tealium, TagMan, BrightTag, ObservePoint, Monetate, ClickTale, ExactTarget, Responsys, and many other digital marketing technology providers.

Customers include Citi, Globo, Oi, Univision, AmeriGas and the United States Department of Interior. deepsense.ai delivers AI solutions and supports organizations in unlocking their data potential at all stages of data science maturity. The company helps them discover the power of AI, develop their data science capabilities and organize AI processes.

The company created Neptune, a Machine Learning Lab provided as a service for data scientists to speed up the development and productionization of machine learning models. It was designed to give data scientists the freedom to explore, while remaining organized and collaborative throughout the creative process. deepsense.ai’s second product, Seahorse, is a visual framework powered by Apache Spark.It helps data scientists rapidly develop Spark applications.


The company runs on-site corporate machine learning and deep learning workshops offering intensive, fully customizable training programs.

deepsense.ai was founded and is managed by CodiLime, an IT consulting and software engineering company providing professional services for global clients in three core areas: Networks, Security and Big Data & Data Science.


Read our blog: https://blog.deepsense.ai/

Recent awards:
1st place in Kaggle’s Right Whale Recognition Challenge
1st place in AAIA’16 Data Mining Challenge 
3rd place in Kaggle’s Santa's Stolen Sleigh optimization competition
4th place in Kaggle’s Defence Science and Technology Laboratory’s (Dstl) data science competition Bioz, Inc. offers the world's first search engine for life science experimentation. The Bioz search engine offers researchers billions of data-driven product recommendations and industry ratings. Bioz taps into the latest advances in Artificial Intelligence (AI) – including Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Machine Learning (ML) – to mine and structure hundreds of millions of pages of complex and unstructured scientific papers. By harnessing the power of AI, Bioz provides researchers with an unprecedented amount of summarized scientific experimentation knowledge right at their fingertips, ultimately helping to speed up drug discovery and the rate of success in finding cures for diseases. Founded in 2013 by Stanford research scientist, Karin Lachmi, Ph.D., and CEO Daniel Levitt, Bioz is a Stanford-StartX accelerator company. Bioz is used by over 1,000,000 researchers from over 10,000 different universities and companies in 195 countries. Gelesis is developing a breakthrough smart pill (GS100) to fulfill the unmet need for a product that can safely result in significant weight loss. GS100 was developed for overweight and obese individuals, as well as for patients with impaired fasting glucose and diabetes who would particularly benefit from weight reduction but for whom weight loss is often a challenge. A safe, effective treatment for obesity and diabetes (two of the leading public health epidemics in the world) would have a major impact on the lives of millions of people suffering from these debilitating diseases. Gelesis has generated extensive in vitro, in vivo and human data supporting the efficacy and safety of GS100.

Gelesis is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts and was founded by PureTech Health and a group of leading obesity researchers. Gelesis is led by a strong management team, with expertise in business, materials science, and medicine. Our scientific advisory board and clinical advisors are key opinion leaders in the obesity field. Green Key provides a voice collaboration platform with integrated speech recognition for the financial markets. Our feature rich client enables teams to instantly communicate in parallel groups while leveraging transcribed conversations.  The platform is also accessible via an API enabling Financial to integrate sophisticated voice and/or transcription capabilities into their own solutions without telecom or data science knowledge. 

GreenKey’s voice API enables firms to dynamically construct and control secure phone calls, intercoms and instant playbacks from a recorded platform accessible from any web interface.  Our API makes building unique call experiences for financial market participants simple.  

GreenKey’s customizable  speech recognition engine is tailored to produce high accuracy in domain specific workflows, such as trading and brokerage.  Using machine learning and natural language processing, GreenKey abstracts meaning and summarizes content behind communication and transactions.  The transcription engine can be made accessible independently from the collaboration platform.  

GreenKey’s voice collaboration platform and speech recognition engine is available both in the cloud, and as an on-premise, containerized package. 

We unlock the value in voice.  GreenKey is where voice becomes data for the financial markets.
 Founded in 1989, Amadeus Software is proud to be a SAS Gold Partner and Reseller, providing unbiased advice and tailored solutions across the SAS portfolio. Through its core business services - SAS Software, Consultancy, Training, Managed Services and a Graduate Placement Programme – Amadeus enables customers to effectively manage their data analytics for better informed business decisions.

Amadeus SAS Competencies
Gold Partner, Reseller, Customer Intelligence and Analytic Modernisation Specialisations, Visualisation and Data Management Competencies

We also share SAS tips, news and offers with the SAS community via our website, Twitter (@ExpertsInSAS) and Facebook (/AmadeusSoftware) pages so remember to follow us to keep up-to-date. You can sign up to receive regular updates directly to your inbox using the form on our website homepage. At Wibi, we believe that data intelligently applied can revolutionize user experience - and experience is everything.

Founded in 2010 and based in San Francisco, Calif., WibiData is backed by Canaan Partners, New Enterprise Associates, SV Angel and several notable seed investors. We are always looking for brilliant people to join our team.  For more information, visit www.wibidata.com. 

Featured customer: The Neiman Marcus brand exemplifies personalized customer service, and has done so for the 107 years it's been in business. With today's digitally connected shoppers spending less time in physical stores and more time on the web and mobile devices, the company saw an opportunity: to translate data about customers' styles, tastes, and preferences into informed digital experiences that emulate the high-touch personal shopping experience Neiman Marcus has been delivering to loyal customers in store. By adopting WibiRetail -- built upon open source technologies including Cassandra, Hadoop, HBase, Kiji, Scalding, and Cascading -- Neiman Marcus is at the forefront of retail innovation, leveraging the power of real-time machine-learning to deliver the superior customer experience that its brand was built on.

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/WibiData 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/WibiData 
Google Plus: gplus.to/WibiDataPlus InMotion Software is a UX-driven full-stack software design and development agency.  We blend design thinking, user research, user testing, and user experience with visual design, agile software engineering, product management and software QA into unique, cross-functional teams that accelerate products to market on a temporary, project, and/or project-to-hire basis.  We’re growing quickly and always looking for skilled iOS, Android, and web engineers, experienced UX designers, highly effective QA professionals, and more. Centurysoft is a Technology Consulting and Software Development Company, we enable organizations to achieve tangible and sustainable enterprise value. Centurysoft is known for providing clients a superior engagement experience through a combination of business acumen, intellectual curiosity, collaborative work style, and strong partnerships with award-winning vendors. 

Centurysoft in its constant endeavor has strengthened its skills and expertise in emerging solutions like in Business Intelligence, Artificial Intelligence, Analytics & Big Data. Benchling makes life science research faster and more collaborative.

Biotechnology has the potential to solve humanity’s most pressing challenges, such as disease, renewable energy, clean water, and hunger. The brightest minds are working on these problems but they are equipped with archaic tools. We aspire to fix this and increase the rate of scientific output with a web-based platform that allows researchers to design and run experiments, analyze data, and share results.

Thousands of scientists all around the world use Benchling to do research. Whether they are at the world’s largest companies, the top research universities, or working on a startup in a garage, scientists use Benchling for the same reason: to be empowered, not encumbered, by their tools. AnalytixLabs pioneers in analytics training since 2011 and as one of the first analytics training institutes, it is widely acclaimed and known for high quality training by industry experts themselves. After establishing ourselves as the top analytics training institute in Delhi NCR, we slowly and steadily progressed to earn the same reputation pan India based on our stellar record and student satisfaction. Our students are placed in leading companies across industries like Accenture, American Express, AbsolutData, Axtria, Bank of America and McKinsey. We are focused at helping our clients develop skills in basic and advanced analytics to enable them to emerge as “Industry Ready” professionals and enhance their career opportunities. Headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, Unlimited Systems was forged from a union of diverse talents in engineering, accounting, business, law and computer science to realize the vision of Healthcare Technology Without Limits. We have been a committed supplier of software products and technology services since 2003. 

Our core principle is the creation of Meaningful, Measurable, and Sustainable results for clients. Our professional staff embodies a collaborative approach to problem solving and a customer-centric focus which measures team success by the delivery of client results. 

Our flagship software products for healthcare, the g4 Framework Server and the g4 Enterprise Studio, provide a rich variety of distributed software functions that can be deployed and managed over diverse networks, geographies, and computing platforms. For medical providers seeking the market leading solution for Practice Management in specialty care environments we serve as GE Healthcare’s national Channel Partner for Cancer Specialist Practice. 

Unlimited Systems has deep roots in and a long term commitment to the Oncology provider community. We offer specific solutions for Cancer Centers and Oncology practices. 

Our strong credentials with providers in specialty care markets enhance the projects we conduct for industry partners who include Fortune 500 corporations as well more specialized organizations. Our balanced approach includes several product lines created to support our partners' initiatives involving: 
   - Data Acquisition 
   - Data Integration 
  - Data Management

To learn more visit www.unlimitedsystems.com

Check out our Community page at http://g4studio.me/ GGA Software Services provides superior performance in meeting the complete range of software engineering, algorithm development, and knowledge management needs of the world's leading companies.  We combine world-class informatics and support services with deep domain expertise in science and mathematics to create solutions that meet our clients' business, technical, and scientific challenges.  GGA's collaborative approach consistently delivers world-class results, enhanced capabilities, and increased productivity to our clients.

Headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts, with a best-of-class development center in St. Petersburg, Russia, GGA offers broad capabilities in outsourced scientific informatics systems development and related services.  Global pharmaceutical, medical device, scientific instrumentation, and scientific publishing companies rely on GGA to provide ongoing chem- and bioinformatics services, including support, maintenance, and QA services, to enhance their internal resources.  Since 1994, GGA has successfully served as an extended workbench for its clients, allowing them to both achieve their critical objectives and optimize their scientific informatics budget.  

For more information, please visit our website at www.ggasoftware.com. BeenVerified's mission is to make public records easy, affordable, and accessible to everyone. Since 2007, millions of people have used BeenVerified's website and applications to access public data. In 2013, we were named the fastest growing company in New York City and 26th in the U.S. by Inc. Magazine. We're an expanding team dedicated to building world class products via data and design! The CoSMo Company is a global technology company that helps the C-suite make optimal decisions. Headquartered in Lyon, France and San Francisco, California, CoSMo’s unique methodology has seen it gain wide recognition for its capacity to extract value from complexity and provide the C-suite with the interconnected insights essential to lead in some of the world’s most challenging industries.

The approach and market applications of The CoSMo Company go far beyond big data, or data science to decision management. We transform companies by giving them reliable insight into the future. Stackline is a retail intelligence and software company based in Seattle, WA that was founded by a group of Amazon veterans.  Our technology activates data, automates execution, and optimizes e-commerce marketing performance for hundreds of the world’s largest companies. Datasource provides Data, Information, Business Intelligence & Analytics professionals to a wide range of Australian organisations.  

Our passions are people and data. We immerse ourselves in your business to understand and solve your business challenges. It’s what gets us up in the morning. 

Integrity and trust are at the heart of everything we do and as niche market specialists, we provide a true, honest and consultative approach to every assignment. 

The highest level of care and attention to detail is present throughout every stage of the recruitment process, we leave no stone unturned. We recognise that culture fit is as important as skill-set and we know what it means to find that true harmony of skills, work ethic and team fit.

More than just a recruitment company, we work as a strategic sourcing partner to our clients and keep our candidate network engaged by offering industry news, trends and exclusive discounted training packages to our followers. We are a non-profit association of evidence-based practitioners who want to change the world of management.

The future calls for managerial decisions that require both critical thinking and the use of the best available evidence. Too often professional experience and stakeholder interests are the only information guiding the way managers decide. Sometimes they also look at some organizational data, while only rarely they consider scientific evidence. 

We know why this happens.

High quality information published in peer reviewed journals is hard to find and to read, and too often doesn’t provide quick tips for your practice. However, if the best scientists  in the world studied the problem you are trying to fix before you, wouldn’t you like to know what they discovered? 
There is a lot of valuable information out there, and you are missing out!


Here ScienceForWork enters the game. 

Our mission is to provide decision-makers with trustworthy and useful insights from the science of organizations and people management

We identify and select the evidence we consider most relevant. We critically evaluate its trustworthiness - to give you only the highest quality information - and then we summarize findings and implications for your practice in a 5-minutes reading.

Why do we do this, you ask?

We like the challenge, we strive for mastery and we want to make a contribution. 
We do this for you, and we do it for free. The vision of the Digital Enterprise Research Institute is to be recognised as one of the leading international web science research institutes interlinking technologies, information and people to advance business and benefit society.

The success and growth of the Internet and especially the World Wide Web have brought significant changes to everyday life and substantially transformed the way in which business, public, and private interactions are performed. The impact that the Internet and the World Wide Web have had on society can be compared to the introduction of the printing press at the beginning of the modern era. The ability to transmit and store data instantly and with negligible cost has created a universe of accessible information and relationships. 

Businesses, individuals, governments, science, and society in general are now far more interconnected than they were just a decade ago. This transforms society itself as organisations and communities of individuals are no longer dependent on physical or temporal proximity and coordination.

Information can be exchanged in a virtual space independent of physical and temporal limitations. This wealth of available information and services has produced new opportunities and challenges for society, within Ireland, the EU, and world-wide. The discovery, integration, and exploitation of this humongous amount of information have become important challenges which require scalable infrastructures making the semantics of the information explicit and taking semantics into account in the processing of this information. 

The Digital Enterprise Research Institute (DERI) is taking on these challenges by defining and executing a research agenda and outreach activities targeted at enabling and supporting people, organisations, and systems to collaborate and interoperate on a global scale using semantic web technologies. Ivy Professional School is a leader in corporate training and is ranked among top ten Analytics / Big Data schools. Ivy has trained 10,000+ profesisonals from Genpact, ICRA, eBay/PayPal, HSBC, Frost & Sullivan, Citibank, HDFC, Capgemini, Cognizant, etc and elite educational institutes such as IITs, IIMs, ISI, Delhi Univ, DCE, Calcutta Univerisity,  etc. 

It's corporate training wing focuses on courses in Analytics, Big Data, ERP, IT, Organizational Behavior, & Foreign Language competencies. 

Ivy is also the official learning partner of reputed global companies like Genpact, ICRA, ITC Limited, ITC Infotech, Capgemini, HSBC, Cognizant, Lexmark Inc., etc. Cellular Technology Limited (CTL) has been pioneering the ELISPOT technology for immune monitoring. For nearly 20 years, CTL’s mission has been “Elevating ELISPOT to an Exact Science”. Serving over 2,000 clients from academia and industry worldwide, CTL offers unparalleled expertise in immune monitoring. We offer:

– Contract Laboratory:  Immune monitoring with an emphasis on T and B cells in a 
CLIA-certified, GLP-compliant laboratory with processing capabilities of up to 450 samples per week. Assays include:  ELISPOT, ELISA, FACS, CBA, Proliferation, and more. Comprehensive solutions for sample processing:  Whole blood processing with 
optimized PBMC cryopreservation methods that ensure good cell functionality.

All-around ELISPOT including:
– Protocols and reagents for human PBMC cryopreservation, processing, and testing
– Human PBMC reference samples as reference standards for assay performance.
– Extensive Cryopreserved PBMC Library:  The largest commercially available library of donors available both uncharacterized and with established T cell reactivity.
– ImmunoSpot® Kits: Standardized T Cell and B Cell ELISPOT Kits. Single- and Double-color Enzymatic ELISPOT. Up to Four-color T Cell & B Cell FluoroSpot Kits. Cytokine/Antibody combination multicolor FluoroSpot Kits.
– Non-radioactive human Natural Killer/ADCC Assessment Kits
– Positive and negative control antigens.
– Consultation and Hands-on Workshop Training on the use of ELISPOT for immune monitoring.
– ImmunoSpot® Analyzers for automated and objective ELISPOT data analysis and streamlined data processing with audit trails.
– BioSpot® Analyzers for serum antibody neutralization tests; Viral Plaque, PRNT, Viral ICA, Serum Neutralization Assays, and Serum Bactericidal Assays, all with multicolor capability.
– Serum-free Media for washing, testing, and freezing PBMC
– Plate Scanning and Analysis Services Glocomms exists to enable technology-driven careers. Each and every day, we play our part in advancing the emerging technology industry by working with smart people with choices to contribute to cutting-edge technology for our clients. We believe, through our existing network and our ability to leverage our scientifically-driven recruitment model, we are able to deliver exceptional talent to our clients with both speed and accuracy.
 
Glocomms has micro-specialist teams that focus on the delivery of candidates across the technical and commercial spectrum. Each consultant has a deep understanding of the fast changing ecosystem, allowing us  not to not find talent but deliver valuable market knowledge and intel.
 
We offer Executive Search, Exclusive Contingency and Project Based Contract Recruitment, with a presence across London, Europe, APAC and USA.

Key areas of focus include Cybersecurity, Cloud & Infrastructure, Artificial Intelligence, Engineering and ERP/ CRM. Incedo is a Bay Area headquartered, technology consulting and services firm focused on Data Analytics and Emerging Technologies. We work with clients across the Financial Services, Life Science and Communication Engineering sectors. We build solutions that help transform businesses through adoption of new technologies. Incedo has over 1,500 employees across North America and three delivery centers in India. Our uniqueness lies in bringing strong engineering talent, diverse skills and innovative ideas together to deliver excellence to our clients.

We are a young and vibrant organization; our employees are our greatest asset. A career at Incedo offers challenging assignments, world-class working environment, professional management and ample opportunities to train, learn and execute.

We have seen tremendous growth throughout our journey. Today, we have aspirations to grow bigger and become a global player. Topcoder's crowdsourcing marketplace connects companies with a community of over 1.1 million of the world's best technologists. Driven by competition, our members'​ winning solutions provide innovation, speed, and cost benefits that no other approach can achieve. Whether you're building applications, creating new designs, or tackling tough data problems, Topcoder provides an alternative to hours-based models. You pay only for results. 

Learn how Topcoder can benefit your business by visiting https://www.topcoder.com/. See what our members are bringing to the table for major companies like IBM, Amazon, and NASA at https://www.topcoder.com/about-topcoder/customer-stories/.

Get started on your next technology project through our self-service platform, Topcoder Connect, at https://connect.topcoder.com/. 

Follow us:

- Blog: https://www.topcoder.com/blog
- Twitter: https://twitter.com/topcoder
- Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/topcoder/
- LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/topcoder 
- YouTube: https://youtube.com/topcoderinc
- Google+: https://plus.google.com/+topcoder
- Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/topcoder/ Ridiculously Interesting Jobs for the Smartest Software Engineers & Quants

Solve the Hardest Problems across Computer Science, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, AI, Math, Statistics, NLP, Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Image Processing, Bioinformatics, Biotech and much else.

*A Collection of Opportunities that you Will Not Find (Ever) with some Generic Recruiting Firm 

www.maven.jobs    VSA Partners is a modern creative agency. We design beautiful solutions. Independent, with offices in Chicago and New York, we utilize the power of design thinking, technology, and collaborations among diverse skill sets to create spectacular answers – from interactive experiences and brand identities to predictive models, films and things that have not been invented yet. We believe there is always a better way. Because there always is. Assembly is a full-service agency backed by the creative heritage of parent company MDC Partners (NASDAQ: MDCA).  At Assembly, we’re relentless in the pursuit of “why?” An agency built for the digital age, we achieve this through a blend of media arts + sciences. Assembly is a technology company with a top-flight data stack making ideas bigger through media. We pride ourselves on four key values including a commitment to full transparency that rejects ethical malpractices that have developed industry-wide. A relentless belief in placing data analysis at the core of what drives our culture of media science.  A rebellious nature, with technology at the center of our offering and not a legacy media process for a by gone era. Along with a commitment to delivering artful and enduring work that creates lasting relationships with our clients and produces campaigns that resonate with their consumers.
 
As our name suggests, we are a talented group of assemblers – people with a passion for building brands with far ranging expertise stretching beyond what you might be accustomed to at other agencies. This includes a former rocket scientist, strategists from all walks of life, designers, data engineers, anthropologists and folks passionate about media execution.  Everyone at our firm is expected to punch above their job title because everyone here is on a mission. People here don’t just believe they work at an ad agency. They understand that the world is changing and that they are a new breed of advertising technologist for a new era of communication.  
 
Assembly currently has a team of approximately 450 people with offices in New York, Los Angeles, Detroit and Austin, Texas. Molecular Devices is one of the world’s leading providers of high-performance bioanalytical measurement systems, software and consumables for life science research, pharmaceutical and biotherapeutic development. Included within a broad product portfolio are platforms for high-throughput screening, genomic and cellular analysis, colony selection and microplate detection. These leading-edge products enable scientists to improve productivity and effectiveness, ultimately accelerating research and the discovery of new therapeutics
 
Molecular Devices is committed to the continual development of innovative solutions for life science applications. The Company is headquartered in Silicon Valley with offices around the globe.

For more information about the complete product portfolio, visit www.moleculardevices.com MAQ Software delivers innovative software solutions for Fortune 500 companies. Using the latest agile engineering techniques in a focused and disciplined manner, the company accelerates software initiatives that enable our customers to transform their industries. 

MAQ Software serves customers in multiple industries including technology, retail, energy, and healthcare. The company focuses on Data Analytics, Cloud, and Artificial Intelligence (AI) at our three state-of-the-art engineering centers located in Washington state and India.

Leading business magazine Inc. has recognized our sustained organic growth on the Inc. 5000 list nine times as one of the fastest-growing companies  (a rare honor). 

Our clients choose to work with us:

1. Confidence in our delivery
- Responsiveness and accountability
- Past delivery record
- Daily build process

2. Reduced time to market
- Delivery approach (Agile vs. Waterfall)
- Capability (technical expertise, domain knowledge, understanding of client business processes)
- Willingness (and ability) to accommodate feedback

3. Good quality
- Commitment
- High visibility to project status (transparency)
- Use of latest technologies

A- Players Choose to Work with Us:

1. Professional growth 
- Substantial responsibilities at an early stage of the career
- Exposure to all aspects of delivery lifecycle and project management
- Continuous learning

2. Type of work
- Exciting and challenging work
- Exposure to the latest and varied technologies 

3. Company culture (environment/culture/mindset)
- Transparency, lack of bureaucracy
- Ownership and accountability
- Autonomy (with seniority)
- Peers with strong technical background
- Supportive managers with technical know-how
- There is never a dull moment (fast paced work)

All of us hold Computer Science and Engineering degrees from top universities in the US and India. All team members hold Microsoft Certified Developer certifications.
 JetSmarter believes movement is the key to a life well lived. Hence, our mission: to fuel journeys that elevate our human experience. We use data science, advanced mobile technology, and a members-only approach to connect leaders in business, sports, entertainment, and culture with socially powered travel. Members can reserve seats on more than 50 routes across three continents, create on-demand private charter flights to anywhere on the planet, book luxury lifestyle benefits, network with like-minded members, and more – all in minutes, right from our app.  Jawbone® is a world-leader in consumer technology and wearable devices, building hardware products and software platforms powered by data science.

Jawbone’s UP® system helps people live better by providing personalized insight into how they sleep, move and eat. Its open API – the UP Platform – includes an ecosystem of apps and services that integrate with UP to offer new, customized experiences. The company’s approach to lifestyle tracking is unique, with over 600 patents granted or pending related to its ecosystem and wearable technology manufacturing processes.

The next era of technology will be defined by products that are smarter, more connected, and seamlessly integrated into our daily routines—and Jawbone is leading the charge. If you're in search of a place to push the edges of what's possible and you're ready to do the best work of your life with insanely smart people: hello, nice to meet you. Worldwide Clinical Trials is a global CRO providing full-service drug development services to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries from Early Phase and Bioanalytical Sciences through Phase II and III trials to peri-approval studies.  

Our team offers clients a wealth of expertise in neuroscience, cardiovascular, inflammation, rare disease, and other therapeutic areas.  
We successfully manage clinical trials with our own staff across nearly 60 countries in North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Middle East.

Our full-service capabilities enable us to meet particular trial requirements without compromising on science, safety or service. 

Bioanalytical 
• Method Transfer and Validation 
• Pharmacokinetic Analysis and Reporting 

Clinical Research Services 
• Clinical Pharmacology
• Bridging Studies
• Dyna-Bridging Studies
• Drug-Drug Interactions
• Pharmacodynamic Modeling 

Clinical Development 
• Protocol Development
• Feasibility
• Project Management
• Medical Monitoring
• Clinical Monitoring
• Site Management
• Data Management
• Rater Training
• Biostatistics and Data Analysis
• Medical Writing
• Regulatory Affairs
• Quality Assurance
• Drug and Supply Depots
• Drug Safety

Peri-Approval 
• Product Safety and Pharmacovigilance 
• Late-Stage Research
• Registries and Observational Studies 
• Health Outcomes, Epidemiology and Risk Management Quid is software that reads millions of documents and offers immediate insight by organizing that content visually. We power human intuition with machine intelligence, enabling organizations to make decisions that matter. Axtria is a global big data analytics company. We empower leaders across the Life Sciences and Financial Services industries to make better data-driven decisions. Our data analytics and software platforms support data science, commercial operations and cloud information management . We help to optimize business strategy by delivering cutting edge analytics from the broadest set of data sources, combined with deep technical and domain expertise. We enable commercial excellence by eliminating spreadsheets and delivering analytical guidance to the field through Axtria SalesIQ™, our cloud based sales planning and operations platform. We are leaders in managing data using the latest cloud information management and big data technologies. We have more than 800 employees worldwide, we are growing rapidly, and we are proud to count 8 of the top 10 global Life Sciences companies and 2 of the Top 5 global banks as our customers. We serve clients with a high-touch on-site and onshore presence, leveraged by a global delivery platform. Founded by Stephen Wolfram in 1987, Wolfram Research is one of the world's most respected computer, web, and cloud software companies—as well as a powerhouse of scientific and technical innovation. As pioneers in computation and computational knowledge, we have pursued a long-term vision to develop the science, technology, and tools to make computation an ever-more-potent force in today's and tomorrow's world.

Over the course of more than a quarter of a century, we have progressively built an unprecedented base of technology that now makes possible our broad portfolio of innovative products. At the center is the revolutionary Wolfram Language, which defines a unique convergence of computation and knowledge. FUJIFILM Holdings America Corporation is based in Valhalla, New York, and is the regional headquarters for the Americas. It is comprised of fourteen directly owned subsidiary companies in the U.S. and Canada, and two in Latin America: Brazil and Colombia.  The company manufactures, markets and provides service for a broad spectrum of industries including photographic, medical imaging and informatics, pharmaceutical and other life science industries. Industrial segments include data storage, electronic materials, chemical, and graphic arts products and services.  For more information, please visit www.fujifilmusa.com.

Specialties:
The holding company for U.S.-based Fujifilm companies operating in 27 states and engaged in the research, development, manufacture, sales and service of Fujifilm products. The company serves a broad spectrum of industries in the U.S. including medical and life sciences, electronic, chemical, graphic arts, information systems, motion picture, broadcast and photography. DataScience.com provides an enterprise data science platform that combines the tools, libraries, and languages data scientists love with the infrastructure and workflows their organizations need. The DataScience.com Platform maximizes the way data scientists like to work, so they can collaborate more effectively, create better analyses faster, amplify their results, and put more work into production — all from one place. C3 IoT is the leading AI and IoT software platform provider for digital transformation. C3 IoT delivers a comprehensive and proven platform as a service (PaaS) for rapidly developing and operating large-scale AI, predictive analytics, and IoT applications for any enterprise value chain in any industry. At the core of the C3 IoT offering is the revolutionary C3 Type System-an extensible, model-driven architecture that dramatically enhances data scientist and application developer productivity. C3 IoT also offers configurable, high-value SaaS products for predictive maintenance, fraud detection, sensor network health, supply chain optimization, energy management, and customer engagement. tronc, Inc. (NASDAQ:TRNC) is a media company rooted in award-winning journalism.  Headquartered in Chicago, tronc operates newsrooms in ten markets with titles including the Chicago Tribune, Los Angeles Times, New York Daily News, The Baltimore Sun, Orlando Sentinel, South Florida's Sun-Sentinel, Newport News, Virginia’s Daily Press, Allentown, Pennsylvania's The Morning Call, Hartford Courant, and The San Diego Union-Tribune.  Our legacy of brands has earned a combined 105 Pulitzer Prizes and is committed to informing, inspiring and engaging local communities.
 
Our brands create and distribute content across our media portfolio, offering integrated marketing, media, and business services to consumers and advertisers, including digital solutions and advertising opportunities.
 
Careers at tronc
 
We're always searching for enthusiastic, talented and innovative professionals to fill our ranks. We employ more than 7,000 people across the United States working for some of the world's most iconic brands. We offer a strong array of opportunities to reach new heights in diverse careers, such as digital, technology, reporting, and sales to just name a few. We're the perfect mix of storied tradition and cutting edge innovation.
 
If you're interested in an exciting career with an established and respected multi-media company, we invite you to explore what tronc has to offer.  View our current job openings and apply for positions online at http://www.tronc.com. For 39 years, Pace Analytical has been recognized for its efforts to provide superior service to our local, national and global customers. From our investment in laboratory facilities, technology and personnel, to our extensive experience in analytical testing, we are dedicated to providing consistent, reliable testing services to our clients.

We operate a nationwide network of laboratories, service centers and satellite operations - providing project support for thousands of industry, consulting, engineering and government professionals.  

At Pace, we're working together to protect our world and improve our health. Everyday our employees demonstrate their commitment to a cleaner environment - one that supports a better, safer and healthier life for everyone. Our success over the years is proof of what can be accomplished when innovative ideas and sound science are empowered by an entrepreneurial spirit and a willingness to learn. 

Pace offers a competitive compensation package in a casual work environment. Pace is committed to improving the health of everyone and that starts with our employees. All employees receive medical, dental and vision benefits, as well as life insurance, disability and employer matched 401k options. We strive to maintain quality of life for all our employees offering paid holidays, vacation time and sick leave. 

Pace fosters professional growth and provides opportunities for advancement in a company that is stable, growing and values exceptional people! Chartbeat, the content intelligence platform for publishers, believes that today’s content creators need mission-critical insights – in real time and across desktop, social, and mobile platforms – to build a loyal audience. That’s why our software goes beyond clicks and pageviews so content creators can understand what, within their content, is keeping people engaged. Partnering with over 60,000 media brands across 60+ countries, Chartbeat’s tools help the world’s leading media companies understand, measure, and build business value from the attention earned by their content.

We're constantly on the lookout for talented and energetic folks to join our Chartteam in our growing-every-second Manhattan office. See all of our current Chartteam members at chartbeat.com/about, and check out available job openings right here on this company page and on chartbeat.com/careers. Columbus is a premier Information Technology, Software Engineering, Systems Engineering and Scientific solutions company addressing critical research and technology issues for NASA, FAA, HHS, DoD, and commercial customers. Columbus staff scientists, engineers, and IT professionals support NASA's mission-critical systems including engineering, implementation and operation of both software and hardware systems, mission planning and logistics, instrument design and science data analysis. Columbus was recently awarded the $250M Software Engineering Support contract for the Applied Engineering and Technology Directorate (AETD) at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center. Software engineering is increasingly critical to the success of NASA's exploration vision. Columbus employees work closely with AETD's Software Engineering Division staff to design and implement state-of-the-art software and IT solutions for flight and ground systems in the development and test labs, simulation facilities, and integration centers. Columbus opened the Greenbelt, MD office to support NASA Goddard and the Atlantic City, NJ office to support FAA Hughes Technical Center. Collabera TACT – Technology Academy for Competency Training is an initiative started by Collabera, a $550 mn U.S. based IT Staff Augmentation Company. It aims at providing training to qualifying professionals and students on emerging technologies like Big Data, Analytics, Cloud, Mobility, Digital Marketing and many more. It has been established to bridge the demand-supply gap of professionals on SMAC technologies and aims at upgrading individual’s skills and making them future-ready for jobs that will require them to be well versed with the emerging technologies. We’re a data science and technology company with a passion for helping farmers. Our focus is to drive increased adoption of high-quality data and precision agriculture tools to improve productivity, profitability and sustainability of farm operations around the world.

In 2014, we launched the industry’s most sophisticated, independent yield benchmarking tool, TrueHarvest. Today, we’re using actionable data to make modern farming more successful, and we continue to pursue opportunities for advanced analytics and modern technology to accelerate the pace of innovation in agriculture and the entire food system. DataProphet is an advanced Machine Learning company focused on developing and deploying bespoke solutions to a range of industries. We are an agile team able to adapt to individual business needs with light touch integration that ensures solutions are introduced with minimal operational burden and change to the existing processes.

We pride ourselves on working very closely with our clients to develop machine learning powered solutions to gather insights on hidden patterns within their data for commercial benefit. Through a combination of Machine Learning expertise, Management consulting and systems development experience, we deliver simple-to-use services that return accurate, low level and actionable predictions which can be easily integrated into existing infrastructure. Over the past four years, we have delivered bleeding edge deep learning environments and models across multiple industries including Financial services, Retail, Manufacturing, Healthcare and Gaming.

Our models have repeatedly outperformed larger multinational companies and we recently received further recognition by winning the Mercedes Benz Innovation Challenge. DataProphet boasts an experienced and qualified team of 30, with diverse skill sets in Data Science, Engineering, Statistics and Computer Science with the capability and experience across various industries globally.

Contact us today at info@dataprophet.com Computational Physics, Inc. (CPI) is a research and development (R&D) company founded in 1984 to provide basic and applied science support to various U. S. Government organizations and prime contractors. CPI has a diverse set of customers that include government (DoD and civilian), Federally Funded Research Development Centers (FFRDCs), university laboratories, and private companies.

CPI's original areas of expertise were scientific research on the radiation properties of the Earth's upper atmosphere, and developing new remote sensing techniques for better understanding of the upper atmosphere and ionosphere. CPI continues to be active in these areas, but has also broadened its work to address remote sensing of the Earth's complete environment, including the terrain, oceans, the lower and middle atmospheres (including clouds), ionospheric effects on signals, data assimilation techniques for specification of the state of the global ionosphere, and architectures and techniques for integration of satellite ground data processing systems. Riverside is an internationally recognized engineering, science, and information technology company with more than 30 years experience providing innovative information technology solutions for environmental decision support systems, using a variety of different environmental data sources, from satellite sensors and imagery to stream gages in local rivers.

Riverside has successfully implemented more than 1,500 projects in over 45 countries, and maintains a strong worldwide customer base, including U.S. government agencies such as USAID and USTDA, and international donor organizations such as the World Bank, Asian Development Bank, and FAO.

Since 1985, Riverside has built relationships and partnerships with a variety of clients including the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), and the Colorado Water Conservation Board (CWCB) — providing products, services, and solutions meeting their long-term needs.

Visit Riverside Technology, inc. at http://www.riverside.com/ Operation Wallacea is a series of biological and social science expedition projects that operate in remote locations across the world. These expeditions are designed with specific wildlife conservation aims in mind - from identifying areas needing protection, through to implementing and assessing conservation management programmes.

Large teams of university academics, who are specialists in various aspects of biodiversity or social and economic studies, are concentrated at the target study sites. Research Assistants and dissertation students joining the surveys have the option of customising their own itinerary from a range of training and science options.

The surveys result in a large number of publications in peer-reviewed journals each year, have resulted in 30 vertebrate species new to science being discovered, 4 'extinct'​ species being re-discovered and $2 million levered from funding agencies to set up best practice management examples at the study sites.

These large survey teams of academics and volunteers that are funded independently of normal academic sources have enabled large temporal and spatial biodiversity and socio-economic data sets to be produced, and provide information to help with organising effective conservation management programmes. Established in 1998 and headquartered in Prague, Profinit are a consulting, software services, product development & outsourcing business.
With technical facilities in the Czech Republic we provide services to over 50 customers across Central Europe and are now expanding our direct operations into the Western Europe.
We work directly with end clients, via partner channels and with product development companies.
We have long term, established relationships with market leading institutions like banks, insurance companies or telco operators in the region. In 2015 IDC Research placed us as second biggest Czech provider of custom application development. Our services include:
> Product and Software Development Services
> Application Maintenance & Support Services
> Information Management Services, BI/DWH
> Architecture modernisation and integration
> Big data and data science


 Earley Information Science (EIS) is a boutique agency specializing in information science, making data more findable, usable and valuable. By solving data governance, product data management, content optimization, and knowledge management challenges, we help our clients achieve optimal user experiences, lower costs, and maximized revenues. EIS has more than 20 years of experience in working with Fortune 1000 organizations around the world in such industries as manufacturing, retail, financial services, healthcare, the life sciences, professional services and the public sector.
 Data applied. Impact delivered. Advantage gained.

We help our clients drive change by turning complex data into a competitive edge and a leading, strategic position.

We assist those clients who want to - take the lead; be innovative; have a real impact; have political influence; develop and execute new ideas; adopt leading methodologies; improve performance. We deploy a delicate combination of consulting experience, the latest data science, predictive analytics and econometrics to help our clients reach their ultimate goals. We help the transformation to a data driven organization where advanced models are combined with strategic advice. 

Our main business areas are:

- Business Economics
- Research & Innovation
- Education & Employment
- Energy & Utilities
- Financial Services
- Life Science

We work with clients nationally and globally. Our clients come to us for our exceptional understanding of data, and our ability to pair vast amounts of data with human insights. Our deliveries range from reports to fully implemented data-services.  As consumers become increasingly mobile and connected, every business is turning to digital channels to acquire new customers more effectively and efficiently. Of the $83 billion spent on digital this year, Google and Facebook account for 60 cents of every dollar. The result? Massive investment, overabundant data and rising expectations for better results.

Here's the problem. The lead process is wasteful. For every 6% in conversion success, 94% goes nowhere. Ads on the wrong channel, messaging that doesn't land, and potential leads that lack consistent follow-up—if any at all.

Even if you get your funnel performing, everyone knows that not all customers are created equal. It's tough to land new customers, but even harder to find the right ones—the profitable ones.

LQ Digital is a customer acquisition company with a simple goal: to help you win more profitable customers digitally.

#1 fastest growing internet company nationwide (Deloitte Fast 500)
#1 fastest growing private internet company in bay area. (Business Times) 
#5 fastest growing private company overall in the bay area. (Business Times) 
#17 fastest growing advertising company nationwide. (inc500) 
#27 fastest growing technology company nationwide (Deloitte Fast 500)
#148 on the inc500 fastest growing companies. (inc500) Data is the new powerhouse. 

Data illuminates and presents us with insights that are factual. The world today is a connected product. The way this connect is understood, felt, articulated or actioned is a hidden treasure trove. Connected cars, Intelligent & self-regulating appliances, intelligent onboard diagnosing machinery, smart energy meters, connected medical devices are few examples that speaks of the volume of information that this powerhouse holds as answers to the world around us. Truly its time when we recognize and appreciate the focus on Data Science for Business Innovation.

At Cyient Insights, we strive to turn data into potential powerhouse. Crunching and churning data into insights, this new age science holds fascination to our interests. Our core DNA is a team that loves the ‘Data’. For us the data is the new ‘steel’ that provides the right spine to every concrete insight that is built around it. Team Cyient Insights strives each day to enable our customers drive business innovation and deliver quantifiable business results thru smart data analytics and actionable intelligence. Founded in 2006, Fino is a New York City tech strategy and development company that uses technology, data science, and software engineering to help companies make better decisions and generate competitive advantage. Fino serves a range of industries, with a particular focus on Energy, Healthcare & Life Science, Education, and Media.

Fino is known for being...

Integrated:
Fino was built from the ground up to deliver a unique combination of industry expertise, data science, and software engineering.

Inventive:
Fino invents tailored technology and data science solutions that address the specific business challenges faced by our clients.

Practical:
Fino understands that vision means nothing if it can’t be implemented.

Nimble:
Our thinking is guided by a sense of both possibility and practicality. Fino goes from idea to execution faster, and adjusts on‐the‐fly to the ever‐evolving needs of our clients. Founded in 1984 with support from the National Science Foundation, IRIS is a consortium of over 100 US universities dedicated to the operation of science facilities for the acquisition, management, and distribution of seismological data. IRIS programs contribute to scholarly research, education, earthquake hazard mitigation, and verification of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty.

IRIS is a 501 (c) (3) nonprofit organization incorporated in the state of Delaware with its primary headquarters office located in Washington, DC. LifeScale Analytics helps companies effectively utilize and integrate their data architecture and data analytics.  We work with organizations that are committed to improving lives and the world we live in. By helping maximize the value of their research data, we enable them to be more efficient, innovative, and focused on what they do best.

LifeScale Analytics is part of a successful Twin Cities Based Technology firm, DBI Consulting, that has been serving clients across the United States since 1988.  Contact LifeScale Analytics to find out how we can help your organization successfully manage your data to help make speedier and better business decisions. With offices in Oslo, Houston and Silicon Valley, Arundo Analytics provides cloud-based and edge-enabled software for the deployment and management of enterprise-scale industrial data science solutions. Arundo's software allows industrial companies and other organizations to increase revenue, reduce costs and mitigate risks through machine learning and other analytical solutions that connect industrial data to advanced models and connect model insights to business decisions. 

In 2016, Arundo graduated from Stanford University’s StartX accelerator program, and subsequently received investment from the Stanford-StartX Fund. 

In 2017, Arundo was named to the MIT STEX25 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Startup Exchange (MIT STEX). MIT STEX25 recognizes select companies from a pool of more than 1,000 MIT-connected startups as being particularly well-suited for industry collaboration based on technical and commercial success. 

For more information, please visit www.arundo.com.  The Scienomics Group (TSG) is a member of the Healthcare Consultancy Group (HCG), an OMNICOM Group company. For over 15 years, TSG has been an industry leader in scientific and medical strategy and communications. At TSG our passion is science. We are a powerful team of professionals, committed to partnership and united by a shared purpose of helping our clients commercialize their breakthrough therapies. By harnessing our scientific insights, creativity, and deep healthcare marketing expertise, we are able to uniquely communicate the scientific basis and clinical rationale for new therapies. 

TSG now has 2 specialized scientific divisions: Scienomics CARBON (www.tsg-carbon.com) and Scienomics CATALYST (www.tsg-catalyst.com). CARBON is our dedicated medical affairs group, focused on distilling complex data and developing intuitive communications tools to support scientific dialogue with specialists. CATALYST is the new brand identity for our medical communications group, which develops dynamic, scientifically credible, promotional content that stimulates, engages, and impacts HCP mindsets. 

To learn more about career opportunities at TSG, please visit:
https://hcg-int-openhire.silkroad.com/epostings/index.cfm?version=1&company_id=17133 and enter “TSG” in the search terms. 

For more information, please visit us at www.tsgmeded.com
 “We simply love to make our customers the happiest bikers in the world!”

International Bike Group (IBG) is a leading omnichannel bicycle retailer in Belgium, Denmark, Netherlands, Norway and Sweden that has won several awards. For example in the Netherlands IBG grew "Fietsenwinkel.nl"​ from an e-commerce start-up to the #1 bicycle (r)etailer by offering fully integrated on- and offline sales in combination with a strong after sales service network (>250 physical locations under management) within 5 years. IBG’s young and international team of more than 500 colleagues is entrepreneurial minded and enjoys disrupting a conservative market at an annual growth rate of over 70%.  IBG is founded in 2009 and headquartered in Amsterdam.
 Soft Robotics designs and builds soft robotic gripping systems and automation solutions that can grasp and manipulate items of varying size, shape and weight. Today, the company is a global enterprise solving previously off-limits automation challenges for customers in food & beverage, advanced manufacturing and e-commerce. Soft Robotics’ engineers are building an ecosystem of robots, control systems, data and machine learning to enable the workplace of the future. CMAST delivers Consultancy, Project Management and Business Solutions to its Life Sciences Clients within the domains of Strategic Collaborations, Research & Development and Supply Chain & Operations, covering every step of the drug development cycle, from discovery to commercialization:

Innovation Services
Co-creation of healthcare solutions.

Grant Management Services
Accessing funding options and managing private/public projects in various consortia (Horizon2020, IMI, IWT, BARDA).

Research & Development Acceleration
Accelerating innovative early R&D assets.

Project & Portfolio Management
Implementing and executing PPM processes.

Data Science, Analytics & Visuals
Providing meaningful insights in support of decision making processes.

Regulatory & Quality Solutions
Regulatory compliance and quality in support of patient safety and market access.

Supply Chain Consultancy
Accelerating and optimizing the supply chain of healthcare solutions to professionals, patients and community.

Patient Value Programs
Addressing patient needs by setting up patient value added programs and services.

We are driven by a talented international team of over 100 dedicated professionals that apply innovative methodologies and proven best practices. Our shared knowledge and expertise are the foundation of strong customer relationships and mutual success.

Today CMAST is one of the fastest growing companies in its segment with headquarters in Belgium and offices in US, Switzerland, Germany and Poland. To support this growth and guarantee customer satisfaction, we are continuously looking for exceptional talent, from entry-level to experienced professionals.

CMAST is a fun place to work with a highly dynamic working environment that allows room for innovation and personal development. We provide training and coaching programs, along with tools to promote collaboration and knowledge sharing. We provide an optimum environment to nurture your talent and to co-create a promising future! Stitch Fix is the first fashion retailer to blend expert styling, proprietary technology and unique product to deliver a shopping experience that is truly personalized for you. Simply fill out the Stitch Fix Style Profile and our personal stylists will handpick a "Fix"​ of five clothing items and accessories unique to your taste, budget and lifestyle. Simply buy what you like and return the rest. Berkeley Lab fosters groundbreaking fundamental science that enables transformational solutions for energy and environment challenges, using interdisciplinary teams and by creating advanced new tools for scientific discovery. In the world of science, Berkeley Lab is synonymous with “excellence.”

In the world of science, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab) is synonymous with “excellence.” It fosters groundbreaking fundamental science that enables transformational solutions for energy and environment challenges, using interdisciplinary teams and by creating advanced new tools for scientific discovery. Research areas include Biosciences, Computing Sciences, Earth and Environmental Sciences, Energy Sciences, Energy Technologies, and Physical Sciences.

13 scientists associated with Berkeley Lab have won the Nobel Prize. Fifty-seven Lab scientists are members of the National Academy of Sciences (NAS), one of the highest honors for a scientist in the United States. Thirteen of our scientists have won the National Medal of Science, our nation's highest award for lifetime achievement in fields of scientific research. Eighteen of our engineers have been elected to the National Academy of Engineering, and three of our scientists have been elected into the Institute of Medicine. In addition, Berkeley Lab has trained thousands of university science and engineering students who are advancing technological innovations across the nation and around the world.

Berkeley Lab is a member of the national laboratory system supported by the U.S. Department of Energy through its Office of Science. It is managed by the University of California (UC) and is charged with conducting unclassified research across a wide range of scientific disciplines. Located on a 200-acre site in the hills above the UC Berkeley campus that offers spectacular views of the San Francisco Bay, Berkeley Lab employs approximately 4,200 scientists, engineers, support staff and students. Pacific Northwest National Laboratory is a U.S. Department of Energy National Laboratory, operated for DOE’s Office of Science by Battelle. 

At PNNL, interdisciplinary teams of scientists and engineers address many of America’s most pressing challenges in energy, the environment, and national security through advances in basic and applied science. Our science and technology is strategically focused on inspiring and enabling the world to live prosperously, safely, and securely.

PNNL’s main campus is in Richland, Wash., where the majority of the Laboratory’s 4,300 staff work under an annual operating budget of about $1 billion. This campus includes unique laboratories and specialized equipment, as well as the William R. Wiley Environmental Molecular Sciences Laboratory, a DOE Office of Science national scientific user facility. In addition to the Richland campus, we operate a marine research facility in Sequim, Washington; and satellite offices in Seattle, Portland and Washington, D.C.

Battelle – the world's largest independent scientific research and technology development organization – has operated PNNL for DOE and its predecessors since 1965. To learn more, see our video, Advancing Transformational Science and Technology at http://bit.ly/10CJ9jd. Thank you for visiting our web site. If you have questions or comments, please contact us at http://www.pnnl.gov/contacts/. Burtch Works is a contingency and retained executive recruiting firm dedicated to placing highly-qualified quantitative professionals with a variety of specialties including analytics, data science, and marketing research. 

Are you an analytics specialist, data scientist, or market research/insights professional? Knowing high-caliber candidates is essential to our work as recruiters. We pride ourselves on being the premier source for the best jobs in the field, and work diligently to understand your work experience, career goals, relocation preferences, and salary expectations so we present you with only the most relevant opportunities. Burtch Works invests a lot of resources in building our network and knowing the best-of-the-best. Should we know you? Let's talk! Send us a message at candidates@burtchworks.com 

Are you looking to expand your analytics, data science, or market research staff? We offer both contingent and retained services, and take a consultative approach to recruiting, developing a deep understanding of what our clients are looking for in a candidate. We only present the most qualified candidates in our network, and our team welcomes feedback so that we can tailor our recruiting strategy to your organization. Want to learn more? Let's chat! Send us a message at clients@burtchworks.com or call 847-440-8555. Databricks’ mission is to accelerate innovation for its customers by unifying Data Science, Engineering and Business. Founded by the team who created Apache Spark™, Databricks provides a Unified Analytics Platform for data science teams to collaborate with data engineering and lines of business to build data products. Users achieve faster time-to-value with Databricks by creating analytic workflows that go from ETL and interactive exploration to production. The company also makes it easier for its users to focus on their data by providing a fully managed, scalable, and secure cloud infrastructure that reduces operational complexity and total cost of ownership. Databricks, venture-backed by Andreessen Horowitz, NEA and Battery Ventures, among others, has a global customer base that includes Salesforce, Viacom, Shell and HP.  For more information, visit www.databricks.com. Bristlecone, a Mahindra Group Company is a premier Supply Chain Advisory and Analytics SaaS+ firm focused on enabling Digitally Connected Supply Chains for Hi-Tech, CPG, Retail and Process Industries. Bristlecone has enabled strategic, incremental value for over 300 customers across multiple industry verticals. With our singular focus on addressing procurement, supply chain and analytics challenges, we help clients diagnose, design, enable and enhance their operations by encapsulating years of experience into pre-configured solutions, accelerated deployments and enhancement packs for the leading supply chain technologies. In the supply chain space, Gartner recognizes us as one of the top ten system integrators and rates our planning, sourcing, and procurement practices as the industry’s best. Also, Advanced Market Research (AMR) considers Bristlecone one of the best brands in SAP SCM.

We are part of the USD 19 billion Mahindra Group. Mahindra is a global corporation operating in 20 industries, including automobile, financial services, and information technology in more than 100 countries. Visit us at: www.bcone.com Founded in 1999, Numeric Jobs offers a specialized service to Analytic professionals and clients across Data Science, Risk (Management, Consumer Credit, Stress Testing, Underwriting), and Marketing Analytics (Digital/Direct).


OUR MARKETS INCLUDE
 
RISK ANALYTICS
CREDIT RISK MODELING
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT
MODEL VALIDATION
ECONOMIC CAPITAL
LOSS FORECASTING
PREPAYMENT MODELING

MARKETING ANALYTICS
MODELING
MARKETING AUTOMATION
DATA ANALYSIS
STATISTICAL PROGRAMMING
LOYALTY / RETENTION
ACQUISITION

DIGITAL MARKETING
WEB ANALYTICS
SEARCH MARKETING
EMAIL MARKETING
ONLINE MARKETING
ECOMMERCE
OPTIMIZATION

DATA SCIENCE
MACHINE LEARNING
TEXT MINING
RECOMMENDER SYSTEMS
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING
PATTERN RECOGNITION

Visit www.numericjobs.com to learn more and see our full list of job opportunities. Quora is a Q&A platform that empowers people to share and grow the world’s knowledge. 

The vast majority of human knowledge is still not on the internet. Most of it is trapped in the form of experience in people’s heads, or buried in books and papers that only experts can access. More than a billion people use the internet yet only a tiny fraction contribute their knowledge to it. We want to democratize access to knowledge of all kinds—from politics to painting, cooking to coding, etymology to experiences—so if someone out there knows something, anyone else can learn it. Our mission is to share and grow the world's knowledge, and we're building a world-class team to help us achieve this mission.

Visit quora.com/careers to browse open roles and apply online.

Quora company blog: blog.quora.com
Engineering blog: engineering.quora.com
Design blog: design.quora.com
Data blog: data.quora.com Integral Ad Science (IAS) is a global measurement and analytics company that builds verification, optimization, and analytics solutions to empower the advertising industry to invest with confidence and activate consumers everywhere, on every device. We solve the most pressing problems for brands, agencies, publishers, and technology companies by verifying that every impression has the opportunity to be effective, optimizing towards opportunities to consistently improve results, and analyzing digital’s impact on consumer actions. Built on data science and engineering, IAS is headquartered in New York with global operations in thirteen countries. Our growth and innovation have been recognized in Inc. 500, Crain’s Fast 50, Forbes America’s Most Promising Companies, and I-COM’s Smart Data Marketing Technology Company. Learn more at www.integralads.com. Highly specialized positions require the expertise of a highly specialized recruiting firm. That’s precisely what you’ll find at Smith Hanley Associates. Long-term dedication from professionals who are just as focused as you are, and who understand both the needs of our clients and the trajectory of our candidates’ career paths.

The Specialized Search. The bridge to long-term success. Smith Hanley Associates, LLC DataCamp is an interactive learning platform for data science. Learn R, Python, SQL & Spark from the comfort of your browser with over 100+ courses featuring high-quality video, in-browser coding, and gamification. Courses are taught by experts and range from importing data, data visualization, machine learning, deep learning & more.

Looking to train your employees with crucial data science skills? DataCamp for Business is the most scalable, cost effective way for managers to train and educate their analytics and data science teams. Business accounts include group features which allow managers to set assignments based on specific learning goals, monitor progress, and evaluate performance - all in a company dedicated dashboard. Hundreds of companies leverage DataCamp for training new hires, transitioning from commercial to open source software, and for continuous education including clients such as eBay, BCI, Harvard, and GfK.

Millions of individuals use DataCamp to become data savvy. Join them for free: www.DataCamp.com Microsoft Advanced Analytics supports the use of open source data science technologies both on-premises and in the cloud. 

Cortana Intelligence is an end-to-end data analytics platform in the Microsoft cloud. It supports the use of Hadoop, data lakes, data warehouses, R, and Python. You can learn more at: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/suites/cortana-intelligence-suite/

Microsoft R Server is the innovative leader in Big Data, enterprise analytics. Powered by the R language, Microsoft R is used by enterprises with massive data, performance and multi-platform requirements who need to drive down the cost of Big Data. You can learn more at: https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/server-cloud/products/r-server/overview.aspx

We also distribute Microsoft R Open, a free, enhanced open-source R distribution at http://mran.microsoft.com

We actively support the open source data science community and are working to ensure that quality training and engagement are always available. To find a training course please visit: https://learnanalytics.microsoft.com/. Connections of New York, Inc. is an established IT executive search firm whose principals have over 30 years of recruiting experience. Founded in 1989, Connections has successfully grown to be a recognized leader within the information technology industry. 

Our network of client relationships spans a wide variety of industries including financial services, tech start-ups, insurance, health care, and software development firms in the tri-state area. Each staffing team is broken down by areas of expertise, allowing for an in depth knowledge of active job markets, technology requirements and the market value of candidates in play. We will help you in your job search and ensure that you are getting quality service and a job that matches your skills and career path.

As we prepare to expand our reach, we hold fast to values and ethics that often fall by the wayside and are sometimes considered old-fashioned in the evolving age of paperless industry, electronic communication and constantly upgrading technology. Our corporate governing principles charge us with not only evaluating the technical aspects of prospective candidates'​ abilities, but to constantly bear in mind never to neglect the "human factor"​ - a critical part of properly matching candidate to client. Armed with strong fundamental skills, solid business practices, educated and intelligent recruiters, and a constant commitment to providing superior service to our clients. We are a business media company specializing in enterprise innovation. We bring our exceptional cross-industry knowledge to the business community through a combination of digital media and live summits, providing organizations with cutting-edge insights to drive growth in the constantly changing business environment.

Through our key channels - Big Data, Analytics, Strategy, Innovation, Digital, Finance, & Operations - we connect industry leaders across the business spectrum, from leading Fortune 500 companies to disruptive and exciting new startups, facilitating the sharing of ideas through webinars, articles, white papers, and on-demand video content. 

We also offer a range of additional media products, including lead generation services, custom events and custom research to fortune 500 clients. 

Innovation Enterprise Channels: - http://channels.theinnovationenterprise.com/ Opera Solutions is a global provider of advanced analytics software solutions that address the persistent problem of scaling Big Data analytics. Signal Hub™, the company’s flagship technology platform, extracts and applies insights from the most complex data environments to address multiple business problems and opportunities, accelerating targeted business actions and radically reducing time-to-value.

Opera Solutions serves some of the world’s most respected businesses in the financial services, healthcare, travel, hospitality, retail, and telecommunications industries, as well as key government entities. The Signal Hub platform touches hundreds of millions of consumers across many leading companies, with a specific focus on dramatically increasing revenue from existing customers while introducing new capabilities that drive competitive advantage.  

The key innovation behind Signal Hub is its ability to deliver data science at scale. The end-to-end platform automatically creates Signals, which can be shared, reused, and applied to multiple use cases throughout the enterprise. Machine learning technologies keep the Signals relevant, fresh, and accurate. This approach eliminates redundancies and the need to return to the raw data for each use case, resulting in a significant improvement in productivity. In this way, Signal Hub’s proprietary technology enables enterprises to overcome what has become the primary obstacle to large-scale adoption of advanced analytics: solving the scalability challenge. 

Opera Solutions has offices in North America, Europe, and Asia. For more information, visit www.operasolutions.com. Clarivate Analytics is the global leader in providing trusted insights and analytics to accelerate the pace of innovation. We offer some of the most trusted brands across the innovation lifecycle, including Web of Science™, Cortellis™, Derwent™, CompuMark™, MarkMonitor® and Techstreet™. 

Organizations and researchers rely on the curated knowledge bases from Clarivate for information about scientific and academic research, patent analytics, pharmaceutical and biotech intelligence and IP management. An independent company with over 4,000 employees and operations in more than 100 countries, Clarivate is on a bold entrepreneurial mission to help radically reduce the time from new ideas to life-changing innovations. 

For more information, please visit Clarivate.com. Ancestry is the global leader in family history and consumer genomics, harnessing a powerful combination of information, science, and technology to develop new experiences to help everyone, everywhere discover the story of what led to them. Ancestry offers a suite of family history products and services including AncestryDNA, Archives, ProGenealogists, Newspapers.com and Fold3.
 
AncestryDNA is the world's largest consumer genomics database providing consumers insights into their ancestral origins. The service enables customers to not only uncover their ethnic mix and rich family stories, but discover distant relatives with a common ancestral match, and help solve the toughest family mysteries.
 
Ancestry by the numbers:
•	Since 1996, more than 20 billion records have been added, and users have created more than 80 million family trees on the Ancestry flagship site and its affiliated international websites.
•	More than 4 million people genotyped in the AncestryDNA database.
 
The company has more than 1,400 employees in locations across the globe. Headquartered in Utah, Ancestry has offices in San Francisco, Dublin, London, Sydney, Munich, and Stockholm.

There’s power in knowing who you are and where you come from. This is the driving force behind everything we do. We’re passionate about using technology to create simple, useful, and delightful experiences that enrich lives and connect families. We’re continually looking for talented, hard-working individuals who are passionate about bringing this mission to life.

Sound like you? Visit workforancestry.com. In 2009, dataxu® was founded on the premise that data science could help make marketing better. Not just more efficient for agencies or more profitable for brands, but also more personalized and more engaging for consumers.

Our vision of helping marketers truly understand how marketing investments cause sales and profitable customer relationships is now a reality. And we’re proud to say that the world’s top agencies and brands partner with us to deliver real results and prove how marketing impacts the business.

Today, dataxu® helps marketing professionals use data to improve their advertising. Our software empowers you to connect with real people across all channels, including TV, capturing consumers’ attention when and where it matters most. With 14 offices around the world, we’re here to help power your business forward. 

Discover what you + our software can do at www.dataxu.com. Neustar drives the connected world forward. As a global information services provider and the leader in Connection Science, we have the most complete understanding of how to connect people, places, and things. Our marketing, risk, security, registry, and communications solutions help over 12,000 clients grow and guard their business. Founded by Steve Huffman and Alexis Ohanian in 2005, Reddit is an online community where users submit, vote, and comment on content, news, and discussions. Nicknamed "the front page of the internet,"​ Reddit is one of the top ten sites in the United States (source: Alexa), with hundreds of millions of users each month on desktop, mobile web, and our official Android/iOS apps. 

Interested in joining our growing team? Check out about.reddit.com/careers
 Real Impact Analytics is capturing the value in telecom data by “appifying big data”. Our apps enable Sales & Distribution teams to increase sales or reduce OPEX and Network Capex teams to optimize their CAPEX investments.

We use state-of-the-art technologies that allow the users to visually explore the data and be guided to recommended actions, based on intelligent algorithms and machine learning.

We work with five of the ten biggest telecom operators to revolutionize the telecom industry.

Be part of the revolution. Request your demo today on www.realimpactanalytics.com WellDoc® is a leading digital health company revolutionizing chronic disease management to help transform lives. Our groundbreaking technology is guiding individuals through the complicated journey of living with chronic diseases, with the goal of improving health to live life to its fullest. 

We are the first digital health company based on a life science business model with a foundation built on randomized clinical trials that demonstrate significant clinical outcomes. We have mastered diabetes management by taking an aggressive and innovative approach that utilizes sophisticated logic and precise algorithms, and integrates the most advanced mobile technology, behavioral insight, and diabetes education for those living with type 2 diabetes. 

Our FDA-cleared, proven digital therapeutic, BlueStar®, provides real-time and timely individualized coaching and support, as well as diabetes educational tools that are actionable and personal. Our clinical evidence shows a 1.7 to 2.0-point mean A1C reduction for adults living with type 2 diabetes who used BlueStar®. In November 2017, the IQVIA Institute for Human Data Science (formerly Quintiles/IMS) named BlueStar the “top app” in clinical diabetes treatment. The Chaucer Consulting operates in several different business sectors from Life Sciences and Financial Services, to Technology and Energy.

We are specialists in our fields and approach every engagement from your perspective and as part of your team. It’s a formula that’s been working since 1987.

Our key areas of expertise are…

Consulting
We excel in advisory and delivery services for complex technology and data-driven change. Our Programme Delivery Excellence framework and business improvement mind-set combine to deliver outstanding results over the long term. Our programme management and change management consultants focus on delivering value that will generate sustainable and tangible benefits, so that your business excels too.

Life Sciences
In the continuously changing life sciences industry, we understand the challenges that you face first-hand, as well as the opportunities for driving high impact change. We employ experienced consultants working from hubs in Europe and the US who work side-by-side with you to deliver results-driven programmes across the drug continuum and corporate functions.

Digital & Technology
When technology and data-driven change needs to happen, we are here to provide the expertise and advice you need. We provide specialist solutions for data privacy, digital security and data analytics, along with our CIO advisory services. The National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA) at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign has been delivering groundbreaking innovation and pushing education and research collaborations into unexplored territories for 30 years. NCSA is a hub for researchers, industry, and students to address complex research problems in science and society, powered by the development and application of advanced and comprehensive digital environments.
 
In addition to many notable projects, NCSA is home to Blue Water, the world’s fastest supercomputer on an academic campus, as well as a rich set of other data and computing resources. Recent discoveries that were not possible without these resources include the historic detection of gravitational waves, the computational design of the first set of antibody prototypes to detect the Ebola virus, and simulations that could potentially lead to new HIV therapies.
 
NCSA Industry, a private sector program, has been advancing 1/3 of the Fortune 50 by forging innovative collaborations and finding effective and scalable solutions.
 Montage is the single solution to engage, interview and hire better candidates, faster. We partner with many of the world’s most well-respected brands, including 100 of the Fortune 500, to create the high-tech, high-touch hiring experience the modern candidate expects. As the pioneer of purpose-built video interviewing, our proprietary technology integrates seamlessly with enterprise needs for reliability, scalability, compliance, and security. We are committed to market-driven innovation, incorporating applicable science and data in our solutions to speed the process and improve the predictability of talent acquisition. Our commitment to superior client service and support is unique in the industry. We help each and every client at every stage of our partnership because we sincerely want them to succeed – and believe in building relationships for the long term. A privately held company, Montage is headquartered in Wisconsin.


On the web at montagetalent.com We are a proudly African consulting and technology company with a 20-year history of using common sense to simply get the job done. 

Founded in 1997, after identifying a gap in the market for services to create flow between business and its IT function, our offering includes business and technology strategy execution, analysis and design, software development, data science and delivery management. 

We work collaboratively with our clients and creating business value by thinking differently. We help our clients give their customers the experience they need.

We are passionate about being a proactive force for positive change. We proudly support LEAP Science and Maths Schools, represent industry on the faculty advisory boards of several leading universities and support skills development through our Graduate Development Programme. We also make a difference by inspiring others to lead healthy, active lifestyles.

The BSG difference lies in our people, in their commitment to creating a culture of excellence, innovation and growth. We create career significance for our people in an open, empathetic and collaborative environment where continuous learning and autonomous leadership are encouraged. Analytics Vidhya is a Passionate Community for Analytics / Data Science Professionals, and aims at Bringing Together Influencers and Learners to Augment Knowledge. People can freely share their thoughts, ideas and experiences.

This platform allows people to know more about analytics from its articles, Q&A forum, and learning paths. Also, we help professionals & amateurs to sharpen their skillsets by providing a platform to participate in Hackathons. Our viewers remain updated with the latest happenings around the world of analytics using our monthly newsletters. Stay in touch with us to be a perfect and informative data practitioner. www.analyticsvidhya.com Intelen is a technology and engagement software provider delivering integrated data-driven SaaS solutions designed to support Energy Utilities with their digital transformation strategy; so as  to become a customer-centric, trusted energy advisor, providing personalized content and services to their customers.

Intelen’s flagship solution “DiG” is an award winning, white label, web and mobile app. that can be deployed with minimal effort and investment and is tailored to serve both regulated and de-regulated markets even without the existence of smart meter data.  Based on its modular architecture and the fast time-to-market it can easily fit and match different utility requirements.

Intelen is differentiated since its services are not restricted into monitoring and calculating energy consumption and energy efficiency to make good on its promises. Instead, Intelen deploys exclusively human-centric practices. How? Intelen studies thoroughly end users, identifies their needs and behavior and then applies the appropriate motivation techniques in each segment, stepping on gamification, personalization and social networking mechanics.

To achieve so, Intelen is using its state-of-the-art analytics and data acquisition framework to transform customer data into valuable, actionable insights that help the utilities to get to know their clientele as never before through advanced customer segmentation and profiling.

In a nutshell, Intelen solutions help Utilities to: 

•	improve their customers'​ experience by unlocking the value of data analytics
•	optimize their marketing campaigns
•	establish a direct communication channel with their customers and build trust
•	reduce their organization's support and operational costs
•	generate alternative revenue streams through data-driven engagement Sema4 is a health information company founded on the idea that more information, deeper analysis, and increased engagement will improve the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease. A Mount Sinai Health System venture based in Stamford, Conn., Sema4 is enabling physicians and consumers to more seamlessly engage the digital universe of data, from genome test results and clinical records to wearable sensor metrics and more. The company currently offers advanced genome-based diagnostics for reproductive health and oncology and is building predictive models of complex disease. Sema4 believes that patients should be treated as partners, and that data should be shared for the benefit of all.

At Sema4, we utilize state-of-the-art technology, and are continuously developing new tests to support patient care. We understand the complexity that comes with navigating the world of genetics and genomics—including test ordering, billing, insurance coverage, and genetic counseling—and offer services and digital tools to support providers and patients.

Learn more at sema4genomics.com 
 
-The Team:

Led by Dr. Eric Schadt, a pioneer in big data and systems biology, Sema4's interdisciplinary team of scientists, doctors, engineers, clinicians and genetic counselors are all dedicated to empowering healthier living through data. 

-What does the name mean?

Our name is derived from semaphore—a device used for sending signals. In this spirit, our team will discern signal from noise across trillions of data points in pursuit of our mission to gain meaningful insights into human health and disease. Founded in 2004, Inteliment helps some of the most forward-thinking enterprises worldwide derive maximum business impact through their Data.

Inteliment is recognized as a leading provider of Data Driven Analytical Solutions & Services in Visual & Predictive Analytics, Data Science, IoT, Mobility & Artificial Intelligence areas. We strive for the success of our customers through Innovation, Technology and Partnerships.  

Inteliment operates its Delivery & IP Centers in India and Australia and through its group companies in Singapore, Finland and USA. 

 
Write us : insights@inteliment.com EYC3 creates intelligent client organizations using data & advanced analytics. We implement information-driven strategies and systems that help grow, optimize and protect client organizations, and create a lasting culture that encourages people to use information creatively and intelligently to improve business outcomes.

We are EY's data and advanced analytics capability in Asia-Pacific working in multiple sectors including financial services, government & public sector, energy, mining & metals, and consumer products. We have more than 250 specialist staff in Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, Hong Kong, Korea, The Philippines and Malaysia.

Specialties: advanced analytics & data science strategy; advanced analytics business advisory; data science & machine learning augmentation; rapid big data analytics (EY Synapse platform); predicting human behavior; prescribing actions to maximize business outcomes; analytics as a service & hosted analytics; data & information strategy, health check & assessment; business transformation & change management; data asset monetization; data quality & governance; data migration & integration; master data management; data collection, validation & security; dashboards & reporting; agile deployment methods & techniques; data architecture & enablement, platform design & implementation. The Barcelona Graduate School of Economics is an institution for scientific cooperation for research and graduate education in economics and the social sciences. Brandscapes leverages the power of advanced data science tools and the practical marketing and communication planning expertise to distill actionable marketing insights.

Our distinct advantage over pure-play analytics and market research firms is in our marketing application orientation. Our key clients include Unilever, Carlsberg Group, The Coca-Cola Company, GSK and Citibank.

Our global delivery center is based in Mumbai and our frontline offices are established in USA, Copenhagen,  Singapore, Yangon and Dubai. Through these offices we have handled consulting assignments in over 45 countries across the world.

Area of Expertise: Marketing Consultancy, Marketing Research, Advertising Strategy, Brand Marketing Strategy Computer Repair Service Orange County California 
714-975-3656 
https://www.masleyassociates.com

22 Years Of Certified, Guaranteed, Computer Repair, Computer Support And Computer Service Experience Onsite In Orange County California 
714-975-3656 
info@masleyassociates.com

Computer Repair, Computer Service, Computer Support, Computer Consultant, Tech Support, Fountain Valley, IT Service, IT Support, PC Repair, Network Repair, Laptop Repair, Data Recovery, Disaster Recovery, IT Repair, IT Consultant, PC Service, PC Support, PC Consultant, Network Service, Network Support, Network Consultant, Laptop Service, Laptop Support, IT Management, Virus Removal, Spyware Removal, Computer Services, Network and Wireless Installation, Repair, Sales and Service, Server and Workstation Installation, Repair, Sales and Service, Programming, IT Recruitment and Placement, Website Design, Website Promotion, Database Design, E-Commerce, Network Design, Network Audits, Internet Research and Sourcing, Data Recovery, Computer Science Expert Witness, Computer Science Forensics, Disaster Recovery and Planning, Computer Consulting, Project Management, IT Department Outsourcing and Management, Maintenance Contracts, IT Audits, Free Onsite Needs Assessment, Search Engine Marketing, Search Engine Optimization

Orange County, California, Southern California, aliso viejo, anaheim, anaheim hills, atwood, balboa, balboa island, brea, buena park, capistrano beach, corona del mar, costa mesa, coto de caza, cowan heights, cypress, dana point, dove canyon, east irvine, east lake, east tustin, el modena, el toro, emerald bay, foothill ranch, fountain valley, fullerton, garden grove, huntington beach, irvine, laguna beach, laguna hills, laguna niguel, la habra, lake forest, la palma, lido isle, los alamitos, midway city, mission Viejo, modjeska, monarch beach, newport beach, northwood, olinda, olive, orange, orange park acres, placentia

https://www.masleyassociates.com
 Ekimetrics is a global consulting firm, pionner in datascience since 2006. 

Data native, we leverage a unique combination of consulting, datascience and cutting edge technology to bring a fresh perspective to company's performance, growth and profitability. 

We build custom fit solutions, with significant impact in less than 6 months : data transformation, marketing performance, customers' intelligence, pricing, strategy, process optimization, data solutions...

5 offices in Paris, London, New-York, Hong-Kong, Dubaï // Projects in more than 40 countries // +350 CAC40 - Fortune 500 clients. Aon’s Centres for Innovation and Analytics (ACIA) in Dublin, Krakow and Singapore are the cornerstone of Aon’s $350M global investment in analytics. The Centres deliver data-driven insights to clients by leveraging our unmatched data capabilities across both risk and people solutions. 

Established in 2009, the Dublin Centre is comprised of over 140 colleagues analysing millions of data points every day. As the owners of one of the world’s largest repositories of risk and insurance placement information, we analyse Aon’s global premium flow to identify innovative new solutions and to provide impactful, fact-based market insights. Risk/View, our integrated digital platform brings our insights to life to our clients, insurers and colleagues.  We empower results by transforming data received directly from brokers and other sources into actionable analytics.

Launched in 2012, the Singapore Centre has a team of more than 100 colleagues ranging from actuaries, data scientists, developers and statisticians with analytics capabilities and methods that are developed on behalf of clients globally. ACIA Singapore is a global innovation centre adopting an Aon United mind-set, not aligned to any specific business unit which brings the best of Aon to our solutions. 

We believe in the power of diverse talent to generate innovative solutions for our clients. ACIA colleagues consistently demonstrate high level of agility, passion, strong technical skills, solution-driven focus, and a commercial mind. 

Aon plc (NYSE:AON) is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance. DecisivEdge helps clients across the world find, develop, and sustain competitive advantage. From strategy to technology to analytics, our global team provides a tightly knit program of services that optimize processes and amplify the value of your business. At the same time, we help you navigate the uncertainty that can accompany change – drawing on our deep background in operations, we evaluate and mitigate risk throughout the engagement. 

When you need a powerful advantage in your market, let DecisivEdge drive you to distinction. We welcome the opportunity to learn about your unique business challenges.
 There is nothing more important to human civilization and our planet than farming: More than 7 billion people depend on farms for healthy and affordable food. Over 40% of land and 70% of fresh water globally is used in farming. Agriculture is a $3 trillion global industry, and the main source of employment in many communities around the world.

Led by a team of experienced entrepreneurs, advisors, and investors, Granular is one of the first companies to apply Silicon Valley technology expertise to the agriculture industry. We use software and data science to transform farming, increase transparency, and enable new ways of doing business.

Granular is headquartered in San Francisco with offices in Illinois, Iowa, and Georgia.  Windsor Circle's Predictive Marketing platform helps retailers grow repeat sales by putting the right message in front of their customer at the right time.

Our clients see a 20%+ lift in revenue from treated customers (evidenced by control group testing).

Our platform models customer behavior to determine the key triggers for driving repeat sales. Using these insights, our platform automates 1:1 messaging and optimizes email cadence through our client's preferred activation platform.

Windsor Circle is integrated with 17+ eCommerce platforms and 19 email service providers. Our ability to ingest data and activate email through direct integration ensures faster setup, higher data integrity, and measurability. Jumbotail is a top tier VC funded startup building an online marketplace for food and grocery, targeted at wholesale buyers. Our vision is to organise the food and grocery ecosystem in India using technology, data science and design. We are building products, platforms and services for the next billion people of India, who have fundamentally different needs - access, language, selection, supply chain, financial, cultural, and the like. Our market potential is huge - in the order of hundreds of billions of dollars. We have a strong core team consisting of alumni from Stanford, CMU, IIT, BITS etc. having several years of industry experience in companies like Amazon, Flipkart, Ebay, BCG, Housing, and Grofers.

We are reimagining and reengineering the food and grocery ecosystem through intelligent technology, intuitive design, and innovative business and supply chain models. We are a passionate team driven by our sense of purpose to solve a critical real world problem. Each team member will have significant ownership of key components that go into the next generation e-commerce, supply chain, demand generation, and credit technology platforms and services that we are building. 

The work you will do at Jumbotail will impact real lives and bring a lasting positive change for the next billion people of India. We promise a fun, fast paced ride with some of the smartest people, with full of opportunities to learn and grow, and leave a legacy. 

Come join us, make your one life count! Write to us at mission@jumbotail.com The Department of Conservation provides services and information that promote environmental health, economic vitality, informed land-use decisions and sound management of our state's natural resources. With a team of scientists and other dedicated professionals, the Department of Conservation administers a variety of programs vital to California's public safety, environment, and economy. The services DOC provides are designed to balance today's needs with tomorrow's obligations by fostering the wise use and conservation of energy, land and mineral resources.

Division of Land Resource Protection (DLRP)
The Department of Conservation administers or supports a number of programs designed to promote orderly growth in coordination with agricultural endeavors. Key DOC tools include conservation easement grants, land tax incentives, and farmland mapping and monitoring.

Office of Mine Reclamation (OMR)
The reclamation of mining land through The Surface Mining and Reclamation Act.  Balancing  the regulation of mineral production important to California with protecting the environment. 

California Geological Survey (CGS)
Scientists from DOC gather data on earthquakes and map earthquake faults and related hazards. This information is used to make buildings and structures that are better able to withstand earthquakes, minimizing loss of life and property damage. 

Division of Oil, Gas, & Geothermal Resources (DOGGR)
DOC ensures the safe exploration and development of energy resources. It oversees the construction, operation and closure of oil, gas and geothermal wells, an important step in guarding drinking and agricultural waters against pollution. 

State Mining & Geology Board (SMGB)
The board serves as a regulatory, policy and appeals body representing the state's interest in geology, geologic and seismologic hazards, conservation of mineral resources, and reclamation following surface mining activities. Arrayo empowers data-intensive businesses.
Based in Boston and New York, Arrayo delivers consulting across FinTech, BioTech, and HighTech.
We envision and deliver highly automated processes and integrated systems to collect, organize and transform your data. We ultimately make sense of your data, uncover meaningful trends and design reporting solutions. Our services are conceived to address your industry-specific business and data challenges. APC Ltd is an award-winning and rapidly growing science- and technology-driven company based in Dublin. APC’s technology, capabilities and team help our global biotech and pharmaceutical partners accelerate the development and launch of their medicines.

Our vision is to make APC & Ireland, the go to place for advanced pharmaceutical & biotech R&D and to ultimately help patients, all over the world, gain access to their medicines in a quicker, safer, more reliable & cost-effective manner.

APC now operate from their world-class Pharmaceutical & Biotech R&D Facility in Cherrywood Business Park, Co Dublin.  This state of the art facility allows APC bring together unique technology with a world class team of scientists & engineers. 

In the space of 5 years, the company has pioneered innovation in the sector & APC now partner with 8 of the top-10 pharma & 5 of the top-10 biotech firms in the world. Our plans for the future are bold & ambitious & we intend to increase our staff numbers by more than 100 to meet client demand. We're a new kind of research company that will help you recognize and develop new product and business opportunities through emerging technologies.

We focus making our clients as smart as possible on topics around data science, machine learning, algorithms, and other high-impact technologies. Ironside was founded in 1999 as an enterprise data and analytics solution provider and system integrator. Our clients hire us to acquire, enrich and measure their data so they can make smarter, better decisions about their business. Regardless of your industry or specific business challenges, Ironside has the experience, perspective and agility to help transform your analytic environment.

From strategy to execution, we help organizations translate business goals and challenges to technology solutions that enable business insight, analysis, and data-driven decision making. Our core capabilities include Business Analytics Strategy, Business Analysis & KPI Modeling, Enterprise Planning, Data Science & Machine Learning, Data Integration & Governance, UX Design and Data Visualization.

Ironside is headquartered in historic Lexington, Massachusetts, with regional offices in New York, Cleveland, Detroit, Atlanta, Philadelphia, Durham and Austin. The Alan Turing Institute is the UK’s national institute for data science.

The Institute’s mission is to: undertake data science research at the intersection of computer science, mathematics, statistics and systems engineering; provide technically informed advice to policy makers on the wider implications of algorithms; enable researchers from industry and academia to work together to undertake research with practical applications; and act as a magnet for leaders in academia and industry from around the world to engage with the UK in data science and its applications.

The Institute is headquartered at The British Library, at the heart of London’s knowledge quarter, and will bring together leaders in advanced mathematics and computing science from the five founding universities and other partners. Its work is expected to encompass a wide range of scientific disciplines and be relevant to a large number of business sectors. ESILV (Léonard de Vinci Graduate School of Engineering) is structured around digital sciences and technology and is separated into 4 major specialisations that include computer science, computational mechanics, finance, and energy. With intimate class sizes supporting close peer-to-peer interaction, team projects, and international internships/opportunities, students receive a comprehensive, well-rounded education. ESILV is a member of the CGE, the UGEI, the CDEFI, and Campus France. 
ESILV awards graduates the “Diplôme d’Ingénieur” accredited by the “Commission des titres d’ingénieur (CTI)” which is the French accreditation body for engineering programmes and institutions. ESILV has the Master label EURACE.
ESILV is a 5 year programme that provides the digital industry with cutting edge specialists in computational mechanics, aerospace, automotive, computer science, big data, smart objects, smart home, smart grid, portfolio management, banking, and insurance. The Conservation Biology Institute (CBI) provides scientific expertise to support the conservation and recovery of biological diversity in its natural state through applied research, education, planning, and community service. We utilize GIS and remote sensing data to conduct assessments and planning in support of conservation projects globally.   We conduct research - alone or in collaboration with others - to actively seek creative new ways to address a wide range of ecological problems from endangered species to regional conservation planning.  We develop innovative conservation tools, techniques, and analyses to help organizations, agencies, and companies utilize the best available conservation evidence.  CBI is a non-profit 501(c)(3) founded in 1997 in Corvallis, Oregon with offices in California and Virginia. Praxis is a premier Business School with campuses in Kolkata and Bangalore

Following are the programs offered by Praxis Business School:

•	2 year Full Time Residential Post Graduate Program in Business Management  
•	1 year Full Time Post Graduate Program in Business Analytics with Knowledge support from ICICI Bank &  PwC
•	Weekend Programs in Data Science for working professionals
•	Online Programs in Data Science offered on 361 Degree Minds Online platform

The name Praxis symbolizes the philosophy of the institute. In the realm of higher education, Praxis stands for a learning program that is designed around a professional body of subject matter which serves to bring about what is valued or ought to be valued through action. In other words, Praxis is ‘practice informed by theory and theory informed by direct practice’. That is what Praxis Business School endeavors to bring to you – a programs that combines the art and science of theoretical learning with the virtues of practical training.

In its initial years, Praxis was supported by faculty inputs from XLRI, a premier business school in the country, with its proven expertise in management education, enabling Praxis’ journey on its path to ‘growing into a premier Business School which aims at academic excellence and ethical values.’

Praxis pioneered the teaching of analytics as a discipline by launching a one-year full-time program in Business Analytics from its campus in Kolkata in 2011, as it believed that India needs to be well-positioned to grasp the huge opportunity this discipline provides to trained professionals. The one-year program has grown in strength and stature, and has been consistently ranked in the top-5 analytics programs in the country by the leading Analytics blogs in India. ProPhase is a global provider of specialty services focusing on applied measurement in CNS (psychiatry, neurology and rare/orphan diseases) as well as other indications in the healthcare spectrum (oncology, dermatology, etc.), which require calibration of observational assessment. Through collaboration and evidence-based innovation, we work to transform measurement science in clinical trials and improve outcomes for all stakeholders. Our services support all measurement-related activities in clinical trials:
 
• Protocol Consultation and Measurement Selection
• Scale Development and Validation
• Scale Management (licensing, linguistic validation and distribution)
• Rater Qualification and Training
• In-Study Clinical Quality Assurance / Surveillance (data, audio, and video)
• Statistical Analysis and Reporting
 
By partnering with Sponsors, CROs and sites, and using a risk-based approach, we deliver services that are highly customized to study needs, and adapted regionally for global trials. We have access to multiple technological mediums, with proven success with audio, video, hand-held tablets and a variety of other devices for data collection, analysis and reporting.
 
We have successfully supported trials in more than 60 countries, in all phases, across 18 primary indications, including mood disorders, anxiety disorders, psychotic disorders, and neurological disorders, such as Alzheimer’s, Huntington’s, multiple sclerosis, and Parkinson’s. We have extensive experience in trials with pediatric populations and unique expertise in supporting trials in orphan indications/rare diseases, such as Down syndrome, Fragile X, San Filippo, Pompe, Hunter, metachromatic leukodystrophy, phenylketonuria, and others. Named Ad Age's 2016 Small Agency of the Year, Reach is a creative agency built for social video with offices in San Francisco and Los Angeles.

Founded in 2012 by a collective of award-winning digital, advertising and entertainment industry professionals, Reach is committed to the science behind creative formats, creators and understanding how video platforms work from an organic perspective. We focus exclusively on building results-driven video strategy and campaigns for brands that are a marketing and business solution.

Our team is committed to creating meaningful talent relationships, premium programming and engaging audiences though data-driven and creative thinking. Prognos is a healthcare AI company focused on eradicating disease by driving decisions earlier in healthcare in collaboration with payers, Life Sciences and diagnostics companies. The Prognos Registry is the largest source of clinical diagnostics information in over 30 disease areas, with over 5B medical records for 100M patients. Prognos has 500 extensive proprietary and learning clinical algorithms to enable earlier patient identification for enhanced treatment decision-making, risk management and quality improvement. The company is supported by a $23M investment from Safeguard Scientifics, Inc. (NYSE:SFE) and Merck Global Health Innovation Fund (GHIF). For more information, visit www.prognos.ai. SEVENTWENTY  -  We exist to break new ground in making businesses more efficient through data science, coaching and talent expertise. As a part of that we coach talent, help them make better career decisions, and getting into the right environment is key.

In helping our clients transition we don’t only tell them what it all looks like but also help source the right talent to drive their vision forward. From our years of commercial experience we know that the right person in the right environment makes all the difference. The same counts for us internally at SEVENTWENTY.

We care, we challenge, and work without compromise. We’re human beings, just like you, and we get a kick out of helping people and businesses make better decisions. OJO Labs is on a mission to fundamentally improve the way people make their most important decisions through the fusion of machine and human intelligence.  Our company has developed a unique, AI-based technology that can conduct text conversations with  consumers at scale. By combining natural language understanding with data and personalization, the product allows for consumers to deeply engage in a purchase process prior to having to interact with a salesperson.

Our Core Cultural Values:
Embrace Discovery - Never do just because others did
Relentlessly Improve - Never become complacent
Be Fearless - Never fail any way but forward
Hire Great - Never compromise on people
Be Compassionate - Never be a jerk

Founded in 2015 by John Berkowitz and David Rubin, OJO Labs is backed by the two largest VC firms in Austin, LiveOak Venture Partners and Silverton Partners. The company was recently recognized as an Austin A-List and 50 On Fire winner. The OJO team has decades of combined experience scaling businesses together and has deep experience in engineering, data science, product development and operations. Zadar has a centuries-old university tradition, the longest in Croatia: following the tradition of ecclesiastical education, first mentioned in the 10th century, a Dominican higher education institution Studium generale, later known as the Universitas Iadertina, was founded as early as 14 June 1396.
The modern development of higher education in Zadar started in 1955 with passing of the Act on Founding the University of Zagreb's Faculty of Philosophy in Zadar, affiliated to the University of Split in 1974. The Croatian Parliament founded the University of Zadar in 2002, or more precisely renewed regarding its 14th century higher education tradition.  

Today, the University of Zadar is the largest integrated University in the Republic of Croatia, which includes 25 university departments, four scientific-research centres and two active centres for professional and teaching activities.

The total number of students in the above mentioned studies is 6000, and the total number of the University’s employees is 590 (422 teaching staff and the University’s services employ 168 staff members).* 

* Data from 19 April 2017
 The Pardee RAND Graduate School is the original Ph.D. in public policy analysis.

Unique in American higher education, the Pardee RAND Graduate School is the nation's largest public policy Ph.D. program and the only program based at an independent public policy research organization—the RAND Corporation. Bloom is the marketing agency where Artificial Intelligence (AI) meets human creativity.

At Bloom, discovery runs deep. From the day we first opened our doors, our sense of curiosity has driven a desire to find new ways of helping brands stand out. That’s what led us to explore the endless possibilities that exist when we combine technology with natural talent. 

Where computers can make sense of this data quicker and more cost-effectively than humans, we let them. Which frees our people to do what only they can do – use their human instincts, judgement, and experience to create amazing work for brands.

It’s a brave approach, and one that attracts smart businesses who know that with the world moving so fast, standing still isn’t an option. 

These same businesses also want to know we can deliver.
 
As a member of the Jaywing family, we’re part of something really inspiring. Our teams are developing unique marketing technology using AI and data science, which we marry with creative minds creative minds and marketing knowledge. And when you’re in the business of revolutionising the way brands present themselves to the world, you need just the right skills to match your ambition.

Luckily there are over 650 of us across seven offices in the UK and Australia, and with more people comes more services and expertise to draw on. And as you’d expect from an agency that’s built around data and insight, one in 10 of us are data scientists.
 
Our clients include: Anytime Fitness, ADT, DW Sports & Fitness, Jewson, ITV, Arco, Sky Sports, Arco, Alpamare, Victoria Gate Casino. 

If you want to find out more about how we can help your brand, drop us a line by calling 0113 887 8200 or emailing letstalk@bloomagency.co.uk. Shift Technology provides insurance companies with an innovative SaaS solution to improve and scale fraud detection. The analyses performed by Shift are fast and thorough, quantitative and qualitative. Its efficient algorithms are tailored to reproduce fraud handlers'​ deductive reasoning, making investigations quicker and easier than ever. Keshav Consulting Solutions (KCS) is a national certified minority owned firm providing professional staffing (contract, contract to hire, permanent placement and SOW project staffing) and custom software solutions (analytics, cloud, security, and mobility). Founded in 2004, KCS is based in Morrisville, NC just minutes from the Raleigh-Durham airport.   We serve customers throughout the United States ranging from small companies to the Fortune 500. Currently performing services in 30 states, KCS has recently been named one of the 50 fastest growing companies in the Research Triangle area by The Triangle Business Journal.

Why choose KCS?
 1) Our recruiters are degreed in computer science and other IT disciplines.
 2) Our 12-year history of performance speaks for itself.
3) We have a rigorous proprietary vetting process before a candidate ever reaches your desk.
4) Our referral list is extensive; testimonials abound.
5) Your complete satisfaction is our guarantee.
6) The highest quality custom software solutions at the most affordable price.


Certified MBE through NMSDC & Carolinas Virginia MSDC Reading Bakery Systems is a worldwide leader in the baked snack food industry, providing innovative process solutions for pretzel, potato snack, biscuit, cracker and bread snack manufacturers worldwide.  Our Thomas L. Green, Reading Pretzel, Reading Thermal and Exact Mixing brands deliver our customers modern, dependable products proven to last generations. 

Our spirit of innovation is on full display at our Science & Innovation Center, where we partner with our customers to develop new products and equipment solutions. This Center is a fully equipped, licensed food processing research and development facility designed to help customers keep pace with the latest trends in food production. Here you can work confidentially to develop new processes; validate new ingredients; conduct shelf-life studies; test new machinery and processing techniques; research profitable innovations in mixing, forming, baking and drying; and produce market samples for testing.

Our comprehensive expertise and drive for excellence, coupled with our thoughtful, research-based scientific approach, makes us the kind of partner you’ll need to ensure your product’s success. Petrolog brings energy to the world as an integrated provider of solutions for the entire oil and gas lifecycle. Established 35 years ago, Petrolog has grown its services and solutions platform to include marine vessels, drilling services, engineering and design, subsea construction, water treatment, and digital software solutions. 

Petrolog is represented in 4 continents, with over 12 offices. With a strong and dedicated workforce - over 650 employees, Petrolog is positioned to respond to your needs globally. 

Now commonly known as Petrolog Group, we have become a conglomerate of entities working together with a singular focus and vision to provide world class, professional services in each field of endeavor. Whatever your requirement, great or small, our team stands ready to find the solutions to address your challenges. Humanyze helps companies make more informed people decisions. Born out of the MIT Media Lab, Humanyze uncovers the hidden patterns of corporate-owned communication data to measure how work gets done. Humanyze is committed to helping teams work better together and has the data and science to prove it. Humanyze’s world-leading People Analytics Platform delivers advanced insights and is used by the most progressive Fortune 500 companies to answer specific business questions around organizational transformation, workplace strategy, and business process optimization.

Current job openings:

- Data Scientist (Palo Alto, CA)
- Customer Success Manager (Boston, MA)
- People Analytics Advisor (Palo Alto, CA)
- Front End Software Developer (Boston, MA)

See our full list here: https://hmnz.co/jobs
 The Information School offers a bachelor's program in Informatics and master's in library science and information management. The UW iSchool is a community of professionals focused on the relationship between information, technology, and people. Our graduates use their expertise for the advancement of science, business, education, and culture. Welcome to AEM! A premier company in Embedded Systems & Solutions, we are rated amongst India’s top 35 Small-Medium Scale Companies (NSIC CRISIL, 2010-11). Since 1975, we have done several successful customized projects in high technology areas, adding value over existing hardware / software platforms, turnkey projects & third party product support. Recently AEM was awarded first prize for Excellence in the area of R&D in Electronics by Government of India & by MOD for Excellence in Indigenization of Defense Stores & Equipment.

Our MD, Mr.Naresh Aggarwal, himself being an Electronics Engineer from IIT Delhi, and Masters in Science from UC, Berkeley, is the mentor and inspiration behind AEM’s three-decade strong sustained development and growth. The Accra Institute of Technology (AIT) is an independent technology-focused research university, committed to academic excellence, cutting-edge research and R&D work. The University is modeled on internationally recognized institutes of technologies like the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), the California Institute of Technology (CALTECH) both ranked in the top 10 of the world ranking of universities . 

AIT’s vision is to be a world-class technology focused research university promoting scholarship and innovative scientific and industrial research and offering academic globally competitive academic programs employing state-of-the-art modes of delivery.

AIT through its Two Systems – One University policy, is both a campus-based university and an open university. It offers a number of undergraduate campus- based programs as well as undergraduate and postgraduate open university programs in various fields. The Constitute Schools and Institutes of AIT are:

•	School of Advanced Technologies, Engineering and Science (SATES)
•	Advanced School of Systems and Data Studies (ASSDAS)
•	The AIT Business School (ABS)
•	The Professor [[Francis Allotey]] Graduate School (AGS) 
•	School of Professional Certification Programs (SPCP) 
•	The AIT Flying School (AFS)
•	The AIT Institute of Lifelong Learning (IL3) 
•	The AIT Institute of Career Advancement (ICA)

AIT is pioneering the multiple degree concept to offer opportunities to those studying for Bachelor’s degree at other tertiary institutions to concurrently enroll on one of AIT’s open university accredited Bachelor’s degree programs. The multiple degree program at AIT is possible because of the availability of the open university option at AIT that makes it possible for university students to optimize their time by pursuing a degree program in a traditional campus-based university and at the same time concurrently register and study for another degree program at an open university. Reonomy creates intuitive products designed to help CRE professionals achieve success by easily finding the information they need in order to make decisions. Ventera is a thought leader in the convergence of User-Centered Design, Scaled Agile, Software Development, Data Science, and DevOps - all to deliver valuable mission critical solutions for some of the largest government agencies, communications companies, and financial services companies in the world. Building Blocks is a team of passionate and creative data scientists. Together with our clients we envision and deploy customer-centric business models. Due to increasing transparency of consumer markets, consumers are able to compare the offers of different suppliers easily and choose the most attractive alternative. Therefore, companies need to find new ways to differentiate from their competitors. This raises the importance to really know and understand consumer needs and to personalize offers and services accordingly. 

By enriching data and applying smart algorithms we ensure that both, companies and consumers, benefit from the opportunities that come with the exponential growth of data in current society. Providing companies with accurate consumer predictions, enables them to make the best consumer driven decisions every day. Resulting in more turnover, higher margins and longer customer relationships. Our data science solutions translate data into concrete actions, in this way we enable companies to give consumers the personalized offers and services they desire. The World Datanomic Forum is supported by investors and members who organise sessions to solve problems based on data. 
​
We host so called 'Datathons' to mine, organise and evaluate data together with our valued partners in the fields of politics, data security, the private economy and social sciences.
​
Before, during and after each Datathon, the World Datanomic Forum provides expert advice in regards to the accurate storage, security and transcription of the data of interest. 
​
Once the supporting data about a situation is assessed and evaluated, relevant parties are again invited to a separate collaborative discussion about further barriers of progress that need to be addressed in order to reach a satisfying improvement of a situation, or  to achieve a solution to a problem statement. 
​
The World Datanomic Forum and its members consider it their responsibility to pose questions in the best possible way so as to ensure that the questions are solvable for our invited guests and members.
​ DVL (Delaware Valley Liebert) Group is an employee owned company that has the talent, experience, and resources to provide efficient and reliable technology from the edge to the core of their clients’ network. DVL has over 80 associates and has been perfecting the science of data center infrastructure design for over 30 years. DVL has an office in Harrisburg, Pa., in addition to their headquarters in Bristol, Pa., serving Eastern and Central Pennsylvania, Southern New Jersey, and Delaware.

Why We Do It
We have continued to improve the data center infrastructure implementation process over 30 years. 

DVL is an Employee Owned Company with over 80 employees.  We have 17 degreed engineers, with an average of over 20 years’ experience who are dedicated to serving our customers in Eastern PA, Southern NJ, and Northern DE.  

Our Core Values are: 

CARING: We care about the success of our customers, our partners, our associates, and our company.
COLLABORATION: Working with the team to achieve the best outcome, which is critical to our success.
CREATIVITY: Being creative with ideas to improve the way we do things.
INTEGRITY: We are not afraid to do the right thing.
PROFESSIONALISM: Professional behavior is a cornerstone of our business. We're an independent creative agency with a passion for insight. Our approach starts with a little data science and a lot of collaboration to produce a beautiful, unique brand idea. This core thought has the power to connect everyone and everything; activating and inspiring a community that grows and grows. Whether you require just one service area or a full mix, our experienced team will always focus on delivering a compelling impact that results in an inspirational response for a brand DPI Co. (Acronym of Data Processing of Iran Company), and ex-IBM branch in Iran, established in 1957 that make it the first Iranian company in Informatics Science, now known as Information Technology.
Backed  by  over  fifty  years  of  continuous,  brilliant  and  effective  presence in Iran’s IT arena, DPI Co. believes  it’s ideal mission is to support all IT users as it’s own customers. DPI, all through it’s long lasting efforts, has done it’s level best to be a pioneer in presenting state-of-the-art services and products as inspired by IT market, to provide customer software and hardware requirements via a variety of IT providers and not limited to only a single vendor. Through half  a century restless efforts, DPI has been able to perform  suitably  from  both  technical  and economic points of view while playing a crucial role in the country’s professional and trade aspects in an ever increasing and ever powerful manner.
       DPI’s experience and high technical potential, it’s ability to acquire and train professionals with required  expertise, it’s long lasting and distinguished customer relationship,  while being famous in loyalty and it’s vast activities to cover almost all fields concerning communications  and information industry has provided for DPI to be thought of as one of the major backbones in the operation of very large national projects. Our ambition is to make renewable energy cheaper for the consumer and more profitable for the owner by converting more wind and solar into electricity.

We are confident that continuously pushing to lower investment / MWH will make renewable energy sources abundant worldwide and thereby offsetting dirty and less profitable sources of electricity.

Through our expertise in wind and solar, computer science and interface design we build software that generate valuable and actionable insights leading to increased power output.

Our customers range from wind farm developers to organizations that own or operate assets in wind and solar. Their common need is to optimize energy production through a better understanding of large sets of data.

We are highly excited about the rapid development and great possibilities in renewable energy and are committed to maintain a leading position in our field to bring the best services possible to our customers. We solve business puzzles using Advanced Analytics. Our strengths: 

1. Full stack in advanced analytical techniques (Data Science + Mathematical Optimization)

2. We can design and develop beautiful applications to deliver the science

3. We have deep domain knowledge in Operations, Finance and other business areas. 

We have offices in Chicago, Palo Alto, Atlanta, Cologne, Germany, Chennai, India and Taganrog, Russia PharMethod serves as a strategic partner by providing end to end service and software solutions to the life science industry.
 
PharMethod’s advanced technology platforms offer:
•	Accounting & data capture software for tracking and reporting 
•	Aggregate spend interface with client Enterprise Solutions 
•	Advanced data reporting & monitoring with real-time analysis
•	Scalability for client expansion    ISRIC - World Soil Information is an independent, science-based foundation. The institute was founded in 1966 following a recommendation of the International Soil Science Society (ISSS) and a resolution of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).  ISRIC has a mission to serve the international community with information about the world’s soil resources to help addressing major global issues. 

ISRIC produces and serves quality-assessed soil information together with our partners at global, regional and national levels. ISRIC stimulates the use of this information to address global challenges such as improved food security, land degradation and climate change mitigation through capacity building, awareness raising and direct cooperation with users and clients.

ISRIC is a regular member of the ICSU World Data System (ICSU-WDS) since 2011; originally,  it  was accredited as the World Data Centre for Soils (WDC-Soils) in 1989. ISRIC has been elected in 2017 to host the soil data facility for the Global Soil Partnership (GSP). For 25 years ISRIC is a consortium member of the World Overview of Conservation Approaches and Technologies (WOCAT). ISRIC is a member of Global Open Data on Agriculture and Nutrition (GODAN) and co-chairs the GODAN Working Group on Soils focusing on interoperability of soil databases for better policy & investment decisions and risk mitigation.

ISRIC operates in four priority areas:
• Setting standards and providing reference for soil information (‘’the Foundation”)
• Brokering of soil information (“Raison d’être”)
• Education, capacity building and advocacy (“Competent user community”)
• Innovative data and information products for development (“Boosting impact”)

 TEG is Australasia’s leading ticketing, live entertainment and data analytics company.

The integrated business is a market leader in promoting live sports and entertainment, a provider of essential ticketing, technology and e-commerce services and a major player in data science and analytics, digital marketing and customer research. 

Every day TEG connects fans to unforgettable experiences and connects customers to their favourite brands. In partnership with iconic venues, leading promoters and top sporting bodies we help make great events come to life. We empower our clients to unlock value by providing insights and knowledge.

TEG is at the heart of the live event experience for millions of fans. The company operates worldwide with our corporate headquarters in Sydney, Australia.

TEG’s origins go back four decades to the foundation of Ticketek and the inception of the Dainty Group in the 1970s. Through the presence and stature of Ticketek and Dainty over this long period the company’s influence in the Australian sports and entertainment industry is remarkable and sustained.

Today TEG stands as the Asia Pacific’s largest diverse entertainment business, the premier ticketing company in Australia and New Zealand and a dynamic player in the data science, digital and technology space.

Welcome to TEG. Greenfield Labs was created by Ford to explore a future of mobility through human-centered design. In collaboration with IDEO we are exploring radical ideas to disrupt, augment, remodel, and reimagine mobility for humans and the things they love. 

We are polymaths by nature; our team is made up of diverse thinkers in design, data science, anthropology, engineering, policy, transportation planning and more. 

It’s our mandate to challenge assumptions, question the status quo, and provoke the imagination. Together we are creating a future where mobility is flexible, memorable, mindful, and most of all, empowering—a basic human right and invisible conduit for access to all  the world has to offer.

Want to help? Join us. 

 Med Communications is a leading full-service provider of global medical affairs services to the pharmaceutical, biotech, and medical device industries, with 20 years of experience. Our staff encompasses  highly trained specialists, including graduates of top PharmD programs, residencies, fellowships, and experience in professional practice. Med Communications'​ U.S. headquarters are in Memphis, TN and the international headquarters are located in Geneva, Switzerland.

Global services are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year, and include:

Medical Information/ Contact Call Center
Scientific Content Development
Full-service Pharmacovigilance
Commercial
Product Registry and Return
Reimbursement Support Services
Literature Management Services
Package Insert and Product Backgrounder Composition
Clinical Trial Patient Assessment and Referral
Compliance Enhancement
Cohort Data Mining - Hereditary Diseases
Expanded Access Programs

Through the platform, we maintain an auditable trail of all company communication, and establish a responsive, positive relationship with all clients and customers.
Our proven track record, superior location in an academic and research health science center, and access to faculty and researchers in all of the healthcare disciplines provides clients with a complete medical affairs solution. Enterra Solutions is a Cognitive Big Data Analytics and Supply Chain Technology firm. We create solutions for organizational problems through scalable technologies and computing engines that mimic the human brain, and its intrinsic ability to Sense, Think, Act, and Learn™.  Enterra® delivers technologies through Solution-as-a-Service (SaaS) offerings specializing in the application of artificial intelligence and a rules-based ontology to solve complex business problems.  Our Team consists of skilled professionals drawn from the fields of data science, artificial intelligence, ontologies, knowledge management, natural language processing, applied mathematics, secure information sharing and organizational and network resiliency assessment and management.

Looking to join a growing team building the next generation of cognitive computing and big data analytics capabilities. These new capabilities will drive a state-of-the-art platform and services which will provide customers and business partners with actionable insights and analytics to improve performance, reduce risks and provide measurable competitive advantages, across domains such as supply chain management, sales strategy, and consumer marketing.

If you have experience as a Data Scientists, Big Data Engineers, Python Developer, Software Architect, Senior Business Analyst-Supply Chain, Senior Technical/Data Analyst- Category Management, Dev Ops, Front End/Web Application Engineer, etc. please send HR a copy of your resume @ jobs@enterrasolutions.com From offices in London, Hong Kong, Singapore, Bangkok, Kuala Lumpur and Dubai, our consultants work within specialist teams recruiting for permanent, interim and temporary positions. Our core areas of expertise include: 

•	Accounting & Finance
•	Advanced Analytics & Data Science
•	Business Support
•	Business Transformation
•	Digital & e-Commerce
•	Financial Services
•	Human Resources
•	Insurance
•	Legal & Compliance
•	Life Sciences
•	Manufacturing & Engineering
•	Real Estate
•	Retail
•	Sales & Marketing
•	Supply Chain & Procurement
•	Strategy
•	Technology                  

We have a clear and bold vision to change the way the world thinks about recruitment. We want to dispel the stereotypes and myths long associated with recruitment and show people that we do things differently. We are raising the bar. We are brought together by a common set of values, which sit at the very heart of our business. This is a new world order for recruitment where insight, agility, talent, trust and results are key.

We are a team of functional and sector specialists. We deliver a genuinely consultative service that is underpinned by the depth of both our market knowledge and the client and candidate networks we have developed. We build relationships, not databases, and add real
value that helps organisations and individuals grow.

For more information, please visit our website - argyllscott.com

REED Singapore (EA Licence No. 08C3489) was acquired by Argyll Scott.  The ability to collect and organize data is invaluable. We believe that if everybody was able to collect and utilize data themselves, the world world be a much better and efficient place. Data science is used by large corporations and governments to save billions of dollars and to calculate risk and potential profit. If they can use it to streamline their operations, then it can also be used to help small business owners, activists, and even help create supply chain solutions for the third world. So why don't they? Well for starters, to do data science, you need to have programming knowledge. Not very many people know how to program and most people already have a career and are too busy to learn. Most people who need to collect data have no choice but to hire a data analytics company which usually costs at least a few thousand dollars. We want to change that by teaching non-technical people how to do their own data, for free. We don't charge you a penny, all we ask for is an eagerness to learn and to share the good news if you like what we do. Sentient Science, a trusted third party to operators, provides material science and data science-based life prediction and life extension actions for major systems and critical components in the wind energy, aerospace and transportation markets. Sentient's DigitalClone Software helps equipment owners/operators and their suppliers reduce costs by a goal of 13% of revenues. The forward visibility that comes from material science-based digitalization creates new opportunities to extend asset life and increase profitability. The Operator network receives long, mid-term and short-term life predictions of each wind turbine in the fleet. Life extension actions are provided for each asset on the "3-D" watch list to prevent unplanned maintenance events, optimize supply chains and reduce insurance costs on healthy assets. Suppliers use DigitalClone Live to digitalize their offerings so operators can Buy on Life and price. The software helps OEMs understand opportunities in the marketplace. Sentient's "Content Factory" product is used to design new products and create an e-catalogue of offerings to reduce sales cycles and improve supply chain efficiencies. Sentient Science has competitively won more than $30 million in SBIR and STTR grants from the U.S. Government. The technology was validated by NASA in 2010 and has since been recognized by the White House in 2014 with the Tibbetts Award,  Bloomberg New Energy Finance with the Pioneers Award in 2016, and Frost & Sullivan in 2017 with the New Product Innovations Award for Wind Prognostics. The leap from transactional automation to cognitive automation is imminent and it will forever transform the way we work. 
 
At Aera, we deliver the technology that enables the Self-Driving Enterprise: a cognitive operating system that connects you with your business and autonomously orchestrates your operations.
 
Aera is backed by some of the world’s best investors, including New Enterprise Associates (NEA) and Georgian Partners, with over $90 million for growth and research. 
 
Aera serves the Global 1000 from 8 offices, and is headquartered in Mountain View, California.
 Market Equations – Research | Data Analytics | Outsourcing 


Founded in 2006 and among the first Analytics outsourcing firms in India, Market Equations combines advanced Analytics expertise and decades of Consulting experience to add measurable and enduring value to organizations globally that have a sustainable and long term impact. 

Market Equations India customers gain access to the combined capabilities of a result oriented Research and Analytics team comprising of Subject Matter Experts, Industry, Business and Financial Analysts, Statisticians, Programmers, Management Graduates & Science and Technology professionals from premier educational institutions in India. We help our clients achieve excellence by leveraging our expertise in analytics using statistics, mathematics, econometrics and operations research to drive results through fact based decision making. Loyola University Maryland’s Sellinger School of Business and Management prepares leaders to embrace business a vital contributor to economic and societal well-being. The Sellinger School has more than 60 faculty members and 2,000 students enrolled in undergraduate and graduate business programs. Sellinger is accredited by AACSB International in both business administration and accounting, and has an established chapter of Beta Gamma Sigma, the business student honor society. The Sellinger School enjoys its reputation as the business school of choice in the Baltimore metropolitan area.

Sellinger’s programs are known for providing business education that emphasize strong ethical leadership, commitment to social responsibility, and a global perspective. Students and alumni have strong connections to a graduate network of more than 20,000 alumni.

At the undergraduate level, the Sellinger School offers a Bachelors in Business Administration (B.B.A.) with majors in accounting and business administration. The business administration major has concentrations in the disciplines of business economics, finance, information systems, international business, management, and marketing. Sellinger also offers minors in business administration and general business. The general business minor includes concentrations in business economics, entrepreneurship, information systems, international business, and marketing. Classes are held on the Evergreen campus in Baltimore City.

At the graduate level, the Sellinger School offers part-time, weekend, and full-time MBA programs to address the busy schedules and varying career stages of professionals seeking a leadership degree. Sellinger also offers a specialty Master of Accounting program, and a M.S. in Data Science in conjunction with the Loyola College of Arts and Sciences. Classes are held on graduate campuses in Columbia and Timonium, Maryland, and some courses are offered in online and hybrid formats.
 Using artificial intelligence to build a brain inside your business. That brain learns and optimizes over time, taking the guesswork out of business operations.

Our applications predict key variables in demand and supply ... so our clients can make more accurate decisions.

Founded in 2016, Noodle.ai is led by executives from top firms in data science, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and management consulting.  STEP Consulting is a management consulting firm, with strong expertise on performance improvement in complex industries such as aerospace, defense, energies, luxury and industrial goods.

Thanks to our experience in the industry and the specific skills of our teams, we deliver highly added value projects in innovation, design, industrialization and supply chain.

Since its creation in 2004, STEP Consulting lead more than 250 major projects covering a wide range:
- Strategy for growth and offer development
- Transformation program
- Improvement of operational performance

Besides, through our strategic partnership with the firm D3S (http://www.d3s-consulting.com/), a specialist of data science services, we propose for our customers a breakthrough approach combining business consulting and data science. Ninjacart is India's Leading agri-marketing platform connecting vegetables and fruits farmers directly with businesses. At one end, we help farmers get better prices and consistent demand and on other end we help retailers to source fresh vegetables at competitive prices directly from farmers. We do this effectively at lower cost, better speed and larger scale using integrated supply chain powered by technology, data science, infrastructure and logistics network

We move one lac kilos of vegetables from farm to 800+ retailers on daily basis within 12 hours. We are funded by Accel Partners, Nandan Nilekani, Mistletoe(Japan) & Qualcomm Ventures

To know more about us, visit https://goo.gl/n22Z5d . To talk to us, write to careers@ninjacart.in The Agriculture and Horticulture Development Board (AHDB) is a statutory levy board. We are funded by farmers, growers and others in the supply chain through statutory levies. 

Our purpose is to make our agriculture and horticulture industries more competitive and sustainable through factual, evidence-based advice, information and activity:

•   We manage extensive research and development programmes which are delivering scientifically robust and commercially useful outcomes for our levy payers
•   We undertake efficient farm-level knowledge transfer programmes based on evidence, both from third party science and our own R&D, aimed at improving efficiency, productivity and sustainability 
•   We provide unbiased, high quality market information that helps business decision making and improves supply chain transparency 
•   We carry out export market development work and also domestic marketing activity to inspire and inform consumers in order to assist the economic viability of sectors which require this 
•   We raise awareness of food and where it comes from among school children and we help ensure the agriculture and horticulture industries are able to develop and attract workers with the skills they need
•   We also ensure that proper account is taken of Government priorities for agriculture and the agri-food industry, where appropriate. From offices in London, Hong Kong, Singapore, Bangkok, Kuala Lumpur and Dubai, our consultants work within specialist teams recruiting for permanent, interim and temporary positions. Our core areas of expertise include: 

•	Accounting & Finance
•	Advanced Analytics & Data Science
•	Business Support
•	Business Transformation
•	Digital & e-Commerce
•	Financial Services
•	Human Resources
•	Insurance
•	Legal & Compliance
•	Life Sciences
•	Manufacturing & Engineering
•	Real Estate
•	Retail
•	Sales & Marketing
•	Supply Chain & Procurement
•	Strategy
•	Technology                  

We have a clear and bold vision to change the way the world thinks about recruitment. We want to dispel the stereotypes and myths long associated with recruitment and show people that we do things differently. We are raising the bar. We are brought together by a common set of values, which sit at the very heart of our business. This is a new world order for recruitment where insight, agility, talent, trust and results are key.

We are a team of functional and sector specialists. We deliver a genuinely consultative service that is underpinned by the depth of both our market knowledge and the client and candidate networks we have developed. We build relationships, not databases, and add real
value that helps organisations and individuals grow.

For more information, please visit our website - argyllscott.com Clear Peak is a management & analytics consulting firm.

We operationalize data and elevate performance by uniquely integrating deep Insight and Data Analytics experience with focused Supply Chain and Customer Experience subject matter expertise.

We believe In high performance, agile teams operating in a high trust, transparent and collaborative environment to deliver better business outcomes. We build Great Products. Period. Across the floor we deliver scalable software to world-class companies like Microsoft & Motorola and still sit by the side of an idea stage business founder & take the right decisions for them, every time!

Founded by Silicon Valley veterans who are senior entrepreneurs themselves with a track record of building complex products. 

Key strengths are Product Engineering, High end Technology, Scalable systems and Strong Agile Process.

Deep domain experience in eCommerce,  Retail, Healthcare, BPM, E-procurement, Supply Chain, Aviation, ITSM etc for customers spanning US, Europe and South-East Asia.

Technology stack: Java, J2EE, Ruby, Rails, Node.js, MongoDB, BigData. Syntelli Solutions is a data science and big data engineering company. We build data driven analytical and predictive solutions for marketing, sales, supply chain and finance organizations. Our product/technology expertise lies in Hadoop (MapR and HortonWorks), Tableau Software, Spotfire, R, Python, RapidMiner and SAS. 

Our clients invite us to implement data-lakes and to build data warehouses as well as to write statistical/analytical models. We have strong experience in solving data driven use-cases for Security Log Analytics, Time Series DBs and Analysis, building Recommendation Engines and doing Data Warehouse optimization. 

Our associates are former C-level and VP level executives who have run departments and organizations as well as academicians who pride in bringing rigor to our deliverables which has helped us retain our customers and add marquee names to our client roster.

Majority of our clients are in Banking & Insurance, Healthcare, Media & Sports, Retail, Manufacturing, professional services. Some of our clients are Wells Fargo, FedEx, Nike, Carolinas Healthcare, RadioShack, Papa Johns, Neustar, Time Warner Cable, Towers Watson, Herschend Family Entertainment (HFE), Clariant, Caromont Health

Our preferred Data Science products are RapdiMiner, R/Python, Spotfire and SAS and for Data Engineering we rely on Hadoop from MapR and HortonWorks. Our Data Visualization practice provides solutions with Tableau, Spotfire and Qlikview. 

http://www.syntelli.com Motivity Labs is an innovation hub powered by 5 individual labs, each with a unique focus: Data Science, Mobile/Web, Cloud, Testing/Automation & The Internet of Things. Backed by Naya Ventures, a Venture Capital firm specialized in next-generation technology, we believe if they can dream it - we can build it.  

Our agile + lean methodology coupled with unique next-generation solutions allows us to solve a diverse range of projects. To date we have worked with Fortune 500 software companies, wireless operators, global mobile manufacturers, supply chain managers, enterprise security product companies and healthcare providers. Additionally, we have built and tested mobile/web/cloud/IoT applications for over 300 start-ups across the globe. 

Each Motivity Labs' team is comprised of industry veterans with deep expertise as well as the best and brightest young talent from the most premier educational institutions. Our associates have worked for global system integrators and Fortune 500 firms before joining our world class team. Elanders is a global supplier of integrated solutions in supply chain management, print & packaging and e-commerce. The Group operates in some 20 countries on four continents. Our most important markets are China, Germany, Singapore, Sweden, the United Kingdom and the USA. Our major customers are active in the areas Automotive, Electronics, Fashion & Lifestyle, Industrial and Health Care & Life Science.

Our offer includes taking overall responsibility for complex and global deliveries encompassing procurement, configuration, assembly, picking, printing, packaging, distribution, payment solutions and after sales services.

The services are provided by business-oriented employees. They use their expertise and intelligent IT solutions to develop our customers’ offers, which are often completely dependent on efficient product, component and service flows as well as traceability and information.

In addition to our offer to B2B markets Elanders also sells photo products directly to consumers through its own brands fotokasten and myphotobook.

For further information, please visit www.elanders.com, www.lgi.de or www.mentormedia.com. Rockhall Partners is a leading Recruitment and Executive Search consultancy focused on supplying permanent and interim talent for a growing number of UK and global clients. Our teams work within targeted vertical markets with each of our consultants possessing an in-depth understanding of their sectors, these include Digital Technology, Business Intelligence and Data.

In more detail, our target markets include: 

BI and ANALYTICS 
•	Data Analytics (Risk, Remediation, Insight)
•	Business Intelligence (SAS, SQL, Teradata, Informatica, OBIEE)
•	Data Visualisation (SAS VA, Qlikview, Tableau, PowerBI)  
•	BI Project Management and Business Analysis 
•	Data Management (MDM, DW)
•	Data Science 

DIGITAL and ECOMMERCE 
•	eCommerce (Hybris, ATG, Demandware, Magento, Websphere Commerce, AWS) 
•	Software Development and Architecture (Java/J2EE focus) 
•	Systems Integration 
•	Digital Transformation

EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES 
•	IoT(Internet-of-Things)
•	AI
•	Augmented Reality(AR) and Virtual Reality (VR)
•	Automation / RPA 
•	Blockchain

MANAGEMENT CONSULTING - We work with a wide number of both global and boutique consulting and advisory firms across various service lines from Strategy through to Operations. 
•	Strategy 
•	Business Transformation 
•	Digital Transformation
•	Procurement, Sourcing and Supply Chain (incl Analytics)
•	Operational and Performance Improvement (Lean, Six Sigma, Kaizen, TPS)
•	Customer Experience 

Our services and expertise cover the following areas: 

•	Permanent Recruitment 
•	Contract and Interim Recruitment 
•	Retained Executive Search 
•	Executive Hire Research encompassing Competitor Analysis and Market Mapping 
•	Online Recruitment 

Contact Kevin@rockhallrecruit.com or John@rockhallrecruit.com for more information. Jumbotail is a top tier VC funded startup building an online marketplace for food and grocery, targeted at wholesale buyers. Our vision is to organise the food and grocery ecosystem in India using technology, data science and design. We are building products, platforms and services for the next billion people of India, who have fundamentally different needs - access, language, selection, supply chain, financial, cultural, and the like. Our market potential is huge - in the order of hundreds of billions of dollars. We have a strong core team consisting of alumni from Stanford, CMU, IIT, BITS etc. having several years of industry experience in companies like Amazon, Flipkart, Ebay, BCG, Housing, and Grofers.

We are reimagining and reengineering the food and grocery ecosystem through intelligent technology, intuitive design, and innovative business and supply chain models. We are a passionate team driven by our sense of purpose to solve a critical real world problem. Each team member will have significant ownership of key components that go into the next generation e-commerce, supply chain, demand generation, and credit technology platforms and services that we are building. 

The work you will do at Jumbotail will impact real lives and bring a lasting positive change for the next billion people of India. We promise a fun, fast paced ride with some of the smartest people, with full of opportunities to learn and grow, and leave a legacy. 

Come join us, make your one life count! Write to us at mission@jumbotail.com  ArrowStream is the first company to develop innovative solutions that address both supply chain management and inbound logistics, optimizing powerful data to provide unprecedented levels of transparency, control, and actionable insight.  ArrowStream has been serving the food industry for over 18 years, combining proven supply chain expertise with data science and analytics to help clients rethink and optimize their supply chains. Industry leaders nationwide trust ArrowStream to proactively manage their supply chains, dealing with issues well in advance of the impact.  

ArrowStream connects restaurants, distributors, suppliers, freight forward carriers.  Customers include US Foods, Slim Chickens, Hardee's, Raising Cain,  Ben E. Keith, QSCC, Shake Shake, Focus Brands, SMS, Hooters, CraftWorks, Firehouse Subs, Panda Restaurant Group, Popeyes among others.

Ready to rethink your supply chain? For more information, please visit www.arrowstream.com. We would love to hear from you on Facebook (www.facebook.com/ArrowStream) Twitter (@arrowstream1), LinkedIn, or good old-fashioned e-mail (info@arrowstream.com). Supporting growth to fuel progression

Plymouth Science Park is a world-class office, research and laboratory environment that provides the space, flexibility and support for technology, digital and science businesses to accelerate their growth and success. Its community of 70 businesses employing upwards of 800 people, combines to create one of the South West’s most desirable working environments.

Generating a combined turnover of £100m, the Park is home to a community consisting of everything from one man start-ups to multi-national corporations. The Park is designed to create opportunities for tenants to share knowledge and expertise, offer cross sector business opportunities and inspire them to achieve new levels of success.

Whether you are an entrepreneur, scientist or academic, the Park’s dynamic cluster of knowledge-based businesses offers the perfect environment in which to succeed.

Our mission is to attract and support individuals, businesses and organisations within the following sectors:

•	Advanced Engineering & Marine

•	Digital & Creative

•	Environmental & Renewables

•	Medical & Healthcare

•	Research & Development

Plymouth Science Park is a joint venture between Plymouth University and Plymouth City Council. As part of the exciting Growth Acceleration and Investment Network (GAIN).

More information about Plymouth Science Park can be found at: www.plymouthsciencepark.com.
 
Plymouth Science Park, a company limited by guarantee, registered in England No 3157625 
Orion Global Talent™ is a highly focused executive search and talent firm placing senior talent in the following areas:

Medical Device, Manufacturing, Quality, Supply Chain, Design, Aerospace, Turbomachinery, Electromechanical, Injection Molding & more.
Regulatory Compliance – Customs and Global Trade. Compliance, Ethics, Life Sciences – full range of disciplines.
Physicians and hospital management and professionals.

Serving companies in filling hard to fill technical, professional and corporate talent.
Serving Top Big 4 firm in filling life science, classification, top secret, data engineering roles.
Serving Online and Brick & Mortar Retail companies with filling management and senior roles.

Our philosophy is to match our candidates with positions in companies that we ourselves would want to work for and to match our clients with candidates whom we would want to work with.We care about a great work-life balance and the right location for our candidates and families resulting in a mutually beneficial, empowering, productive and profitable long-term relationship. The Sainsbury Laboratory Cambridge University (SLCU) is a new research institute funded by the Gatsby Foundation. The aim of the Laboratory is to elucidate the regulatory systems underlying plant growth and development.

Plants are the foundation for virtually every ecosystem and agricultural system on Earth. A fundamental understanding of how plants grow and develop is therefore paramount for the long term security of a sustainable supply of food and other plant products, such as fuel, fibres and building materials.

The study of plant development is being transformed by the new scientific and technical resources becoming available to biologists, including high-throughput DNA sequencing, new imaging methods, increasingly sophisticated genetic tools, and refined chemical interventions. The data derived from these approaches have opened the way for predictive computational models, which are essential for understanding the dynamic, self-organising properties of plants.

We now have an unprecedented opportunity to obtain an integrated understanding of plant development, setting the stage for a new synthesis that will draw on molecular, cellular, whole plant, and population biology to elucidate how plants are constructed. SLCU is establishing a highly collaborative and interdisciplinary research environment that will capitalise on these exciting opportunities. Pivigo is the data science hub and offers data science on demand, making it possible for organisations of all sizes and in all sectors to benefit from the power of data. It’s global marketplace - the first of its kind launched in Europe - connects organisations to an exceptional pool of passionate data scientists from all over the world, allowing them to outsource projects on a freelance basis. The diverse and growing community of data scientists that Pivigo has created is supplemented by its Science to Data Science (S2DS) training programme – Europe’s largest data science boot camp. The programme trains 140 academics a year to become fully-rounded data scientists in just five weeks. 

Through its global hub and S2DS programme, Pivigo is building the world’s largest community of data scientists, giving them the opportunity to use their talent to help businesses, government organisations and not-for-profits unlock opportunities within data for positive outcomes.

So far, we have completed over 120 data science projects for over 80 partners, including KPMG, Royal Mail, Barclays, British Gas, M&S and many more.  Based in Mysuru, Karnataka, MYRA is poised to be one of Asia’s leading management institutions conducting cutting-edge research and providing the highest-quality management education to aspiring leaders globally. Currently, the MYRA School of Business offers a two-year full-time PGDM, one-year full-time PGPX, Two-year twinning Global MBA in partnership with Dalhousie University: Canada and full-time/part-time PhD programmes.

MYRA will commence its first Executive MBA (EMBA) batch from January 19th 2018 at Bengaluru. This which will be offered in the alternate weekend classes format. This 50 credit EMBA programme will include 6 Core, 6 Advanced Core, 2 Flexible Majors and 1 Capstone. The EMBA programme will also include two international residential immersions at Cambridge Judge Business School Executive Education with a focus in Strategy & Innovation.

Areas of academic strength include Finance, Accounting, Marketing, Supply-Chain Management, Information Systems, Management, Strategy, Data Science and Social Entrepreneurship. Providing rigorous research-based courses taught by outstanding faculty, we prepare students to lead with conviction and make effective business decisions which create economic, environmental, and economic value. Today, in traditional manufacturing and production systems (e.g., production of cars or chemicals),  the entire work-flow process is well-defined and documented. Hence, we can quantify the metrics that need to be improved, and using analytics and other means, most firms strive to improve them continuously. However, in the services industry (e.g., hospitals and banks), most work-flow systems and use cases are still amorphous and fall within the realm of “art” rather than “science.”  Given this backdrop, our aim at Scry Analytics is to:

(a) Collate and harmonize client’s data that is required for such work-flow systems and for specific use cases.
(b) Provide Scry Analytics’ proprietary data that  improves the key performance indicators and the characteristics of such work-flow systems.
(c) Use our proprietary Big Data Science platforms and deep Computer Science & Math algorithms to build decision support systems, products and solutions that improve the metrics related to these work-flows and use cases.

Scry Analytics provides Cognitive Computing products, solutions and services in the following areas:

(1) Banking and Finance industry
(2) Healthcare, in particular, Oncology & Hematology
(3) Travel and Tourism industry
(4) Internet of Things related industries and functions
(5)  Procurement and Supply Chain functions

More information can be found on www.scryanalytics.com

Scry Analytics has offices in San Jose, California and in Delhi-Gurgaon, India.  Passionate digital marketers, working in different companies and volunteering out of office hours for Pune digital marketers - who  slice and dice data, learn the math & science behind digital marketing. We organize meetups & conferences on digital marketing where leaders can share their hard earned knowledge.

43 meetups till now, hosted 1600+ digital marketers & 2 of the largest digital marketing conferences in Pune, bringing together brands, agencies, consultants.

Driven by passionate digital marketers who work in different companies. Speakers are usually hands on digital marketers, with a flair for their work. Paid media being the focus till last meetup, we are now taking up social, content, copy in upcoming meetups too, apart from analytics.

See you soon :) MultiPhy, a pioneer in Data Center connectivity infrastructure, revolutionizes the expansion of massive Data Centers by use of advanced IC technologies. The company’s state-of-the-art ICs drive 100Gb/s and 400Gb/s Data Center connections needed to address the rapid increase in capacity demands caused by video streaming and cloud based services. MultiPhy's winning team of multidisciplinary experts in DSP optical communications, high speed digital design and analog design, have created differentiated patent pending technology redefining cost effective, high-performance solutions at 100Gb/s, 400Gb/s and beyond for next-generation networks. 
MultiPhy has offices in Ness Ziona's Science Park in Israel and Palo Alto, CA.
For more information, please visit www.multi-phy.com SUPERCRUNCH by GfK is an agile marketing analytics provider, established by GfK in 2016. 
We crunch data from multiple sources to identify the answers businesses need to deliver superior marketing performance and offer our clients turnkey, or custom solutions.

We combine the skills of data scientists, business and sector experts with advanced analytics tools to leverage client, third-party and GfK data. 

Our automated, data-driven approach supports high frequency, tactical marketing decisions. Powered by GfK, we offer clients the passion, flexibility and agility of a start-up, and the heritage of one of the world’s leading market research companies. Final Israel Ltd., one of the world’s leading high-frequency trading (HFT) companies, uses proprietary prediction and trading algorithms as well as highly innovative schemes for handling large amounts of data. As a major participant in the HFT industry, the challenge Final faces is two-fold: to analyze large and complex data sets off-line, as well as process massive flows of real-time data.

One of Final’s cutting-edge technologies is its second-to-none capacity for analyzing big data: mining it, identifying its well-hidden patterns, and ultimately generating accurate predictions. To this end, Final uses state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms combined with techniques from related and relevant fields such as statistics, signal processing, economics and econometrics. These methods are enhanced by in-house developed modules and algorithms. 

Furthermore, highly-specialized solutions are continuously being developed and adapted, enabling Final to process real-time streams more rapidly and efficiently, thus leading to the execution of successful trading transactions.

Final’s most important asset, its employees, comprises a hand-picked group of extremely talented, highly motivated, and diverse individuals that specialize in a mix of fields: electrical engineering, physics, mathematics, computer science, statistics, and finance. Fresh Energy is an independent nonprofit organization working to speed the transition to a clean energy economy. Our team of attorneys, analysts, economists, and educators advances forward-looking policies that benefit our communities and our future. Using data, science, and market-based solutions Fresh Energy helps Minnesota make progress toward a vision we can all share: an economy we thrive in and energy that ensures our well-being. ADDO means "to add" in Latin and we believe that by adding artificial intelligence (AI), we can democratise access to better infrastructure and services, tackle grand challenges and create a better world by combining our imagination with the power of machine learning. 

We created ADDO AI, an artificial intelligence advisory and incubator, to help corporations, governments and startups build data-driven platforms that radically improve services. We're headquartered in Singapore with a global team of AI, machine learning and data science advisors in offices in Berlin, Dubai and Lahore. Asha24 is a live and interactive e-learning platform that is revolutionizing professional online education, offering instructor-led courses supported by online resources, along with 24/7 on-demand support. The courses are so designed by the experts to meet technological demand of the industries. It gives the professional the flexibility to learn at their own time and even from mobile devices. Asha24 provides real-time scenario designed and evaluated by industry experts. 

With a customer-first approach, Asha24 focuses on the long term career aspirations of learners and safeguard them against technology changes.  We are committed to provide intense details to the courses with the aim to provide cutting-edge technological insight. Every course has a dedicated project week with in intension of providing real-time experience. Even within the organization, Asha24 practices the virtue of propagates – Commitment, Transparency & Innovation.  
 
Education and Technology Blended (Online + Virtual) Learning, 24 * 7 Supports Global Trainer Network. Asha24 offers over 100 courses in the area of PMP, Prince2, ITIL, Data Science, Big Data & Hadoop. Experts in the science of purchase and intent.

Starcount is a data science company. We blend proprietary technology and machine learning with a
deep expertise and pedigree in data-based insights.

Fuelled by global, realtime and diverse datasets, we work with clients to navigate and map their
customers and their passions, predicting future buying behaviour. We then embed knowledge
throughout their business, giving them the tools and power to take control of their data,
transforming their understanding of their customers.

Led by the transformational data pioneers, Edwina Dunn and Clive Humby, Starcount has a rich heritage of exploring and capturing current and fast moving data around customer loyalty. We are not just data scientists and software engineers, but experienced customer storytellers. We are a team of great co-thinkers challenging the status quo. Every day. Do you as well?

In everything we do, we believe in challenging the status quo. We believe in thinking differently. The way we challenge the status quo is by striving every day to be better than the day before. We like to compete with ourselves, not others. We do not rest until we believe in what we do makes perfect sense. We like to be convinced with clever and clean software code. It should be as lean as possible and only as large as required. We like it to be performant and robust. In case it is able to learn and live by itself we have nothing against :)

By doing so we just happened to create great products and platforms in use by millions of users. Every day. Worldwide.  VUV Analytics’ vision is to enable new science and better processes by harnessing the unique capabilities of VUV technology.  VUV Analytics manufactures universal vacuum ultraviolet (VUV) spectroscopic detectors that provide a new dimension of chemical analysis accuracy. VUV light creates unique spectral signatures in the gas phase that result in unambiguous compound identification and quantitative analysis across a wide spectrum of complex applications.  Unlike legacy GC detectors, VUV detection delivers scalable data analysis automation with reduced analytical error and higher analytical throughput.  VUV detectors are designed for gas chromatography and streaming gas applications.

What makes VUV detectors different?

Everything absorbs strongly in the vacuum ultraviolet portion of the ultraviolet spectrum (120 – 240 nm) measured by VUV detectors.  The high energy, low wavelength VUV energy produces electronic transitions in virtually all chemical bonds in the gas phase including ground state to excited state σ→ σ* and π→ π*.  VUV spectra are specific to chemical structure and reflect the inherent absorbance cross section of individual compounds.  VUV detectors provide unmatched selectivity of isomers and co-eluting analytes without the need for chromatographic baseline resolution.  For more information visit https://vuvanalytics.com/aboutvuv/.  Everything we do aims to identify unique sources of alpha.   BattleFin is an alternative asset management firm that uses technology and data science to produce uncorrelated absolute returns for our firm and our investors.  Our proprietary data analytics and distributed community of investment talent sets us apart.   BattleFin was founded in 2012 and is based in Rowayton, CT.

We use our BattleFin Stadium Technology App to source alternative data companies and machine learning and AI liquid investment strategies.  BattleFin Asset Management develops internal alternative data and machine learning strategies as well as invests in external strategies.  Top strategies are displayed at our Discovery Day Events for 1 on 1 meetings with investors.  These events are held 3 times a year, at The Rosewood Hotel Sand Hill in Palo Alto on October 26th, The Nobu Eden Roc Hotel in Miami Beach on January 30th and 31st, 2018 and aboard the Intrepid, Sea, Air & Space Museum in New York City on June 21st, 2018. These events are where our community comes alive. 

We are currently incubating 12 liquid investment strategies. Aquarela has developed VORTX, which is a scalable cloud-based swarm intelligence algorithm that makes it easy and fast to generate predictive information of customers profiles, patients and business transactions based on many more factors than a human being ever could. The sleek visual aesthetic, interactive and intuitive multifactor visualization summarizes the complexity Big Data into actionable insights. BICP is a technology agnostic and vendor neutral consulting firm focused on helping large enterprise customers derive the maximum business value from their IT investment. In a world of constant innovation and associated product hype it’s often a challenge to discern what solution is ‘real’ and which offers a quantifiable competitive advantage for your line of business. With our deep experience across a wide array of platforms, data management tools and business applications; coupled with our expertise supporting a variety of large cloud, on premise and hybrid environments, we have the required technical knowledge and product ambiguity to recommend and deliver an integrated solution aligned to your critical business data needs. World's first cloud based supply chain platform for IT contract resources!
Data science + Machine learning + Predictive analytics  = Consultantsbench.com  

Join our platform to ->  Discover | Discuss | Deploy  Highly skilled validated, verified, negotiated video profiled consultants who are available within 176 Business Hours.. We, IQA (Inductive Quotient Analytics India Pvt. Ltd.), are an analytics company
Storehouse for consulting, outsourcing, Data Science, Clinical Research & Technology services
Staffed by highly qualified people in academics and experienced professionals from various domains 
Serve major geographies and diverse industry sectors, Mainly pharma, healthcare, insurance, retail, BFSI, telecom, utilities, automotive, supply chain, education, and govt. A solution-building firm utilising a driven framework grounded in data science, economic and impact analysis, and mathematical modelling to deliver a portfolio of holistic solutions suitable for a range of clients and projects. 

Based in Melbourne, Australia, Morris Analytics and Economics’ agile staff and continuously improving knowledge base can be utilised to help analyse, manage, decode and solve issues faced on every scale. The youthful staff of Morris A&E posses knowledge in such areas as data science, statistics, economics and econometrics, risk management, probability testing, forecasting and scenario analysis, combined with a variety of academic and industry backgrounds. The firm is grounded in the idea of continually expanding by adapting the current methodologies from academia and industry, as well utilising a variety of techniques and industry software in order deliver effective results to clients. 

Morris A&E aims to delivery its services and solutions to a wide range of clients despite location, scale, and type. By utilising already existing and user-friendly forms of virtual engagement, we want to extend our services and solutions to every client globally, ignoring the barriers of geography, while being both cost-effective, timely, and individual in all the solutions provided.

With our agile minds and holistic approach to problems, we look forward to showing you how advantageous the future can be. Darner Engineering is a Control Systems Engineering company providing industry with software and hardware control system packages. We strive to deliver a reliable system that meets the client’s specifications and expectations, the programming is as much an art as it is a science.

Darner Engineering provides a full scope of systems integration and control services to commercial, industrial and mining clients in South Africa and Internationally. We provide a full scope of services to manage major projects from initial plant construction to commissioning and start-up.

Our Programming Engineers are well versed in working with many types of systems and their associated languages, whether it’s a Programmable Logic Controller (PLC), Human Machine Interface (HMI) / Man Machine Interface (MMI) device, or a Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) industrial control system, we can handle everything from initial concept and programming to on site commissioning and troubleshooting. 

We enjoy working with our customers to understand needs and design objectives. We will always work within your established programming standards to help you complete updates and improvements for your workforce or ,if required, implement new programming standards based on proven industry standards.

We use multiple disciplines during the project management process, keeping focus on the supply chain management and flow of information. This focus enables us to achieve our targets and complete the project on time but more important, within budget.

We strive to add value during the project life cycle always keeping the customer involved and up to date. The key to any successful project is measurable KPI's and keeping focus on these KPI's.

After all, what gets done gets measured and what gets measured, gets done. Founded in 2013, PersEE is the unique company in Europe combining deep hydrogen knowledge together with digital mastery; it positions itself as the operational decision specialist for hydrogen projects and infrastructure.

Leveraging a unique mathematical representation of the hydrogen economy and comprehensive data bases, the company delivers innovative digital solutions targeted at every step of a hydrogen project Technology services in consulting and project management for implementing MDM PIM solutions.
For any kind of company with products or services, business and revenue generation is dependent on having product information optimized and available for customers, partners and internal company stakeholders. Time to market and quality for product data is critical in supply chain, demand side, selling to customers, and collaboration with partners. The science of MDM PIM involves complex product data governance faceted by product attributes, catalogs, taxonomy, business rules, workflow, data feeds cleansing, normalization, classification, channel product syndication, synchronization and automated event control . An emerging trend is for retailers to market their ever changing product information with the seasons to consumers across multiple channels and leverage cross channel commerce. All this requires MDM PIM solution experts to perform the requirements analysis, selection of PIM Software and manage the implementation of leading edge MDM PIM Solutions. Hexad Analytics is a social sciences software development company and consultancy. Our team blends our wide array of expertise in economics, political science, data science, web programming, and web design together to not only develop the next generation of social sciences data analytic tools, but also to provide social sciences and web development consulting. Quant Roboanalytics Solutions (QRS) is a global education, training, research, analytics, and advisory firm empowering decision makers with analysis using analytics blueprint. We enrich people to learn and acquire knowledge of data science, business analytics for accurate business decision making from individuals, corporations, financial institutions, and high potential start-ups to understand and solve complex business problems about their markets, customers, competitors, channels, supply chain, technologies and compliance regulations across geographies and industries. QRS builds an effective and powerful analytical blueprint by bringing to play the right mix of big data, encapsulating the power of machine learning and statistical methodologies, for the best talent. We bring to play our capabilities and experience from across our multi-disciplinary practice teams to find best business solutions. Our people are passionate about helping students, corporate executives and clients for decision making in all domains, with well qualified experts to enable your strategic decision-making. We formulate your question, in the practical sense of data quantification and, we provide accurate answers to your all questions analyze the facts and present our unbiased solutions and insights that help you find best career path and execute better strategies. 

For more information, please visit our website www.qranalytix.com

Also find us at:
https://www.facebook.com/qranalytix/
https://twitter.com/qranalytix We take great pleasure in introducing “Dheeksha Technologies” a self financed institute working to equip the professionals with the knowledge and skill set to respond to the full diversity of corporate needs of Information and Technology Services in the various domains.
As a front runner in the promotion of IT Trainings, we are pleased to invite you for a demo to our registered head office at Dheeksha Technologies, Behind Axis Bank, Flat # 101, Padmaja Apartment, Sanjeeva Reddy Nagar, Hyderabad – 500038, Landline # +91 40 48554375 or cell # +91 984-811-4405.

We have both in-class and online training available as per your convenience. We @ Dheeksha Technologies believe in quality training and put in our hundred percent to cultivate and nurture a technical and corporate attitude in the minds along with specified skill set and domain.
We have excellent experienced corporate trainers always ready to train and support you. We shall be grateful if you kindly consider our request to give us an opportunity to offer the specified skill set to you.
We do provide Interview tips and tricks, and references as and when required.
For more information about our Institute and Procedure for registration, please visit our website  www.deekshatek.com
We are keenly looking forward to hear from you.
Thanks and regards.
 
Yours Faithfully  
Deepak Thomas
Director (Training & Development) The aim of UQUILLAS & BRÜDER is to provide exclusive and strategic support tailored to our clients needs by means of global and front-line knowledge. We assure excellence in execution and value authentic and integer business relations.
​
Our Supply Chain Engineering division offers a comprehensive suite of services drawing on our world class expertise and local insight to deliver value across your supply chain.

UQUILLAS & BRÜDER Supply Chain Engineering offers a wide range of SUPPLY CHAIN ENGINEERING, THIRD PARTY LOGISTICS & OPERATIONS RESEARCH services and products for several industries. Advisory and Project Management Services to help transform organisations through Data, Decision Science and Digital capabilities. We help organisations:

1.	Achieve revenue and profit growth through the optimal investment in, and effective application of, data, digital & decision science
2.	Transform or improve business performance through investment in data, digital and insight or maximise returns from investments already made
3.	Monetise data and insight through the provision of products and services or sale of a business
4.	Manage the risks associated with digital and data
 We are a consulting firm, specializing in Advanced Analytics leveraging Mathematical Optimization and Data Science. We serve our clients globally from our office located in Melbourne, Australia. CloudKrate is a young and dynamic start-up helping small and medium Indian setups develop best in class supply management capabilities at low cost. CloudKrate provides leading Indian distributors of life science products a user friendly platform to bring their catalogs, live pricing, latest sales offers to their customers. We are partnering with leading life sciences laboratories, bio-medical research groups and a wider array of life science product consumers to improve cost savings. Users are able to form and lead their own purchasing groups, streamline ordering and manage group inventories supported by spend analytics. CloudKrate is web-based, requires no downloads and allows easy one click upload of existing inventory data for future management. Our team’s rich experience in life science research, supply chain planning, procurement and budget management has helped us develop CloudKrate with features attuned to the operational requirements of life science product consumers. Supply Chain ICT, Industrial Data Analytics and Industry 4.0 Consulting.

KORBATECK-DELTA was founded in 2012.

We offer both development, analytical and research services by making use of our interdisciplinary expertise in various branches of engineering. These include software engineering, data science, industrial & systems engineering, information systems engineering and operations research.

Software and Smart Systems Development

We provide analysis, implementation, integration and management services for Smart Systems and software development involving Internet of Things, Cloud Computing, Big Data technologies and Data Mining.

Big Data Analytics

We can help you making better decisions in your industrial organization by use of advanced analytical methods. Examples include applying mathematical programming, industrial statistics or discrete-event simulations to inventory management, production planning and transport.

Research Projects

It is possible to participate in research projects in the areas of production & logistics, mathematical modeling, cyber-physical systems, big data science and Internet of Things due to our connections in industry and the academic world. Quest Learning Center is a training institute started by IIM-Lucknow alum Smriti in the year 2016. We have part time faculties who have considerable experience of both research as well as teaching industry. We strive to get best people to train the minds for future.

The institute was started after more than a year's of research work and the course structures are scientifically designed with the help from IIT and IIM faculties and students. We focus on high end training only with no compromise on the quality of content and the delivery..

We build students capabilities and leadership skills at every level and every opportunity.

We partner with organizations and individuals to address their unique training needs, providing training and coaching that helps working professionals achieve their career goals..

We have been helping our clients to improve their performance, productivity and profits since 2016 through training, coaching and consulting. HANDAMA is a consulting firm specialized in the optimization of complex processes, systems or organizations. We work to eliminate waste of time, money, materials, man-hours, machine time, energy and other resources that do not generate value. 

HANDAMA consulting firm is utilizing specialized knowledge and  skills in mathematics, physics, and social science with the methods of engineering analysis and design to specify, predict and evaluate the results to be obtained from such systems. Olivesys technologies is a software company that focuses on building efficient supply chain through effective collaboration, recommendation algorithms driven by data science and adoption of contemporary technologies including mobile, social and cloud. Driven by the goal to deliver value to every stakeholder either small or medium, our solutions are extremely simple to use and require little or no training. Insight Shapers is the early stage startup in the Automotive Industry. It's an initiative to transform the landscape of Automotive Manufacturing Sector Capabilities to sustain in the fast changing business environment.

We are committed to build a communication and networking platform for the knowledge exchange among OEMs, Supplier Value Chain, Test Agencies & Research Institutes.

We would like to bridge the technological gap within Supply Value Chain & implementation of FAME & energy efficient vehicle technology.

We create opportunity for all the stakeholders to discuss the challenges and practical solutions of the upcoming technology trends in Automotive sector.

We believe that the collaboration of like minded people at right time, will lead to a great success.

We would like to take the leverage of knowledge & expertise of through mutual cooperation.
We have a rich experience of working with Global Automotive Industry.

If you are an Automaker OEM, Auto Component Supplier, Testing Agency, Automotive startups or University/Research Institute, then connect with us.

We INSPIRE. NURTURE. SUCCEED to all stakeholders. SHEYCO GROUP, LLC provides data science.  We also work to assist the executive level in business intelligence and development.  Our goal is to provide intelligent strategies in Sales, Marketing and Operation departments. 
The Wizards at SHEYCO GROUP, LLC provides guided support backed by a 3rd Party Network and a Dallas based IT Company that also works internationally. Fujifilm provides professional broadcast video and data tape recording media. Based on a history of thin-film engineering and magnetic particle science such as Fujifilm NANOCUBIC technology, the company creates breakthrough products for partners and end users.

Fujifilm is a leader in supplying advanced data storage media including LTO Ultrium and enterprise-class data tape featuring the lowest cost per gigabyte with low power consumption for mass storage applications.  Fujifilm Recording Media also provides customers and industry partners with a wide range of unique data center accessories, value-added services and solutions. PipeCandy helps sales reps extend warm handshakes to their hot prospects, like they are friends.

What?

With deep awareness about the rep and their offerings, contextual data about their targets and an extensive mapping of the paths between the rep and their prospect, PipeCandy discovers just the right prospects at the right time and informs the sales rep everything that is to be known. All the rep needs to do is shake hands.

How?

Smart Automation, Data & Networks - The triage make PipeCandy the intelligent prospecting platform that it is. China Automotive Technology and Research Center (CATARC) is a science research institute established in 1985 to meet China’s need of managing the automotive industry and now belongs to SASAC (State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council). We own total assets RMB 7.14 billion including net assets RMB 4.68 billion and covers an area of about 5 km2. Meanwhile we have built the talent pyramid based on chief expert, reserved subject leader and young science and technology cadre, which is a human resources team with high educational background and proficiency in skill and management.

CATARC is the centralized technical organization of the auto industry and the technical supporting body to the relevant national government departments. With the independent and neutral role, we firmly take the development road of “guided by science and technology, focusing on service to the industry and supported by commercialization” Hi there!
We’re CreditVidya, an alternate data credit-scoring company. 
Sounds difficult? Let us simplify it. After all, our job is to simplify both- finance (read, credit) and technology for you. 
We build products that help bridge the gap between demand and supply of credit, by leveraging the use of alternate data. This helps lenders make better decisions when it comes to first-time borrowers, cut costs, reduce defaults, and thus, increase profitability. 
We want to reimagine how credit works. Therefore, we now provide groundbreaking solutions by applying machine learning algorithms to 10,000+ digital footprints available with us.
Our products thus help you manage the credit cycle end-to-end: from verifying identity, to assigning a credit score, to detecting frauds, to cross-sell and upsell additional financial services. 
Central to our growth, is the self-motivated team of ours. We’re a bunch of people who are driven by passion, and the same reflects in our work culture. We embrace experiments- sometimes we learn and other times, we innovate! 
And with this belief in ourselves, our motto is to make affordable credit accessible to more than 500 million underserved/unserved people in India. Anasys Instruments is dedicated to delivering innovative products and solutions that measure nanoscale material properties. Understanding structure-property correlation, especially for samples with spatially varying physical and chemical properties, is critical in a diverse range of fields, including polymers, materials science, life science, semiconductors, and data storage. The University of Pittsburgh School of Computing and Information is answering a worldwide call for more professionals who are capable of building next-generation information systems; enabling users to find the right information; and guiding organizations and governments in sharing, preserving, and protecting data and data sources.

We offer undergraduate and graduate programs in Information Science and Computer Science, as well as graduate programs in Telecommunications and Library and Information Science.

Our faculty are constantly engaged in leading-edge research, which is funded by organizations such as the National Science Foundation (NSF), the National Institutes of Health (NIH), the United States Army, and Google Inc. With these projects, our faculty are working to help people to live better and longer, to protect information, to build more vibrant communities, and to preserve our history and culture.
 Azim Premji University was established under the Azim Premji University Act 2010 of the Government of Karnataka. Azim Premji Foundation, the sponsoring body set up the University as a fully philanthropic and not-for-profit entity, with a clear social purpose. The University started in 2011 and since then have admitted over 2000 students. 

We offer four Postgraduate programmes and an Undergraduate programme with honours option

(A) Postgraduate Programmes 

M.A. Education (2 years): 
 -Broad based programme of study that includes theory, practice, research and planning in Education. 

M.A. Development (2 years):
 -The  programme aims to prepare individuals capable of informed and thoughtful development action, aware of the complexity, depth and scope of the discourse of development, its ethical imperatives and its implications for policy and action. 

M.A. Public Policy and Governance (2 years):
-The programme will will help students learn about the ideas, mechanisms and practices of public policy as well as the nature, quality and legitimacy of the institutions and practices of governance. 

LL.M.  in Law and Development (1 year)
-An intensive and immersive legal education at the intersection of the domains of Law and Development in India.

(B) Undergraduate Programme (3 years)

Students are required to choose one Major area of disciplinary study. In addition they can select a Minor or study an interesting mix of courses from many disciplines. 

MAJOR offered in-
   B.Sc (Physics or Biology)
   B.A (Economics)
   B.A (Humanities)-History, Language & Literature and Philosophy

Students also have the choice of selecting from several MINORS including 
(i) Data Science
(ii) Applied Mathematics 
(iii) Development & Sustainability
(iv) Education Studies
(v) Media, Development & Society. 

Students can also opt for an HONOURS degree through advanced research projects.  Noble Iron’s mission is to make construction easy and instant.

We aspire to raise the capabilities and productivity of construction
professionals, while decreasing the costs to equipment owners and
users.

To realize our Vision and achieve our Mission, we focus on these Core Values:

1. Excellence
2. Integrity
3. Teamwork
4. Customer Satisfaction
5. Courage
6. Humility
7. Lifelong Learning
8. Curiosity
9. Embracing Creativity and Driving Change
10. Fun Service provider for clinical research in the pharmaceutical industry and for medical devices, acting as full service CRO as well as supporting single study tasks or leasing of employees as CRAs, project manager, data manager, biometrician/statistician, pharmacovigilance personnel, medical writer etc.  Also service provider for marketing & sales for filling of vacancies, leasing reps, building up and allocating field sales forces, short-term sales forces, sales force webinars and online certification courses etc. Vayu Inc is in the business of helping IT organizations operate more productively and profitably through a full spectrum of specialized staffing and project implementations products and services.
We specialize in the areas of Application Development, CRM, Systems Integration/EAI, ERP Functionality Extension, Business/Data Warehousing, Sales Force Automation, Middleware Functionality for vertical markets   including telecommunications, healthcare, financial services, insurance, and energy. We deliver qualified consultants and project managers for both contract   and ongoing requirements across all science and technology   disciplines. For over 37 years, clients have trusted Crane Engineering to provide expert forensic engineering and consulting services for industrial applications, insurance claims, subrogation and product liability litigation.   

Our team of experts can address all facets of failure analysis. We not only identify what happened, but why and how it happened. 

FORENSIC ENGINEERING
   - Fire and Explosion Investigation
   - Propane & Natural Gas Investigation and Consulting
   - Materials & Process Engineering and Consulting
   - Industrial Accident Investigation
   - Slip and Fall Investigations
   - Standards and Code Consulting
   - Building Science Investigations 
   - Automotive System and Component Failure Analysis
   - Vehicle Accident Reconstruction
   - Vehicle Testing: Auto, Truck, Motorcycle, ATV, Snowmobiles
   - Data Forensics

SERVING
   - Legal professionals
   - Insurance claims professionals
   - Manufacturers
   - Fuel gas companies
   - Consulting engineering firms
   - Fire investigators BeyondCore provides SaaS data analytics software that puts the power of insightful, accurate, intuitive and actionable analytics in the hands of every business user. Its leading-edge Smart Data Discovery technology gives users a full range of descriptive, diagnostic, predictive and prescriptive bias-free analytics. Unlike conventional presumptive analytics software that requires users to ask the right questions and use trial-and-error to find answers, BeyondCore automatically analyzes any set of unique data and presents only statistically relevant findings in PowerPoint and Word in just minutes with no presumptions and no manual hunting required—just actionable insights based on science to help users make smarter business decisions. See why Fortune 500 companies use BeyondCore to find insights that matter at beyondcore.com.

Our breakthrough technology is based on ten years of R&D and is backed up by 20+ patents. BeyondCore has received multiple industry innovation awards such as being selected as a Visionary in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Business Intelligence and Analytics Platforms in 2016. The STEM Academy is a national, non-profit organization dedicated to improving STEM literacy for all students. Curriculum was developed in response to the National Academy of Engineering study, " Engineering in K-12 Education: Understanding the Status and Improving the Prospects". 

Concrete evidence can be provided that the practices, strategies, and programming utilized within The STEM Academy K-12 curriculum will improve rural and low-income student growth, close achievement gaps, decrease dropout rates, increase high school graduation rates and improve teacher and principal effectiveness. This evidence is substantiated by student outcome data captured by The STEM Academy LMS as compared to historical student performance data.

The curriculum is rigorous, innovative and comprehensive and was collaboratively developed by K-12 teachers, university educators, industry partners, engineering and biomedical professionals. K-12 curriculum is standard enough to assure high-quality content exchange and flexible enough to allow for school districts and states to modify to meet their particular needs. Curriculum culminates with students applying real-world application of their STEM education with hand-on activities and maps to the following national standards: International Technology Engineering Education Association - ITEEA; Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology - ABET; National Science Teachers Association -NSTA; National Council of Teachers of Mathematics - NCTM. Established in 1967, CIRES is a joint institute of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) and the University of Colorado Boulder. It is the largest of NOAA’s institutes nationwide. As a world leader in environmental sciences, CIRES conducts groundbreaking research into all aspects of the Earth system, including the hydrosphere, biosphere, geosphere, atmosphere, and cryosphere. 

Situated in Boulder, Colorado, at the foot of the Flatirons rock formations, CIRES supports more than 500 scientists, nearly 180 graduate and undergraduate students, five research centers, and two programs, the Western Water Assessment and Education & Outreach. CIRES researchers are committed to identifying and pursuing innovative research in Earth system science and fostering public awareness of these processes to ensure a sustainable future environment. Get more of the CIRES experience by also following us on Facebook (www.facebook.com/CIRESnews) and Twitter (@theCIRESwire).

Specialties
Divisions: Cryospheric and Polar Processes; Ecosystem Science; Environmental Chemistry; Environmental Observations, Modeling, and Forecasting; Solid Earth Sciences; and Weather and Climate Dynamics. Interdisciplinary centers: Climate Diagnostics Center; Center for Limnology; Center for Science and Technology Policy Research; National Snow and Ice Data Center; and Earth Science and Observation Center. Programs: Western Water Assessment and Education & Outreach. We help brands delight customers, engage employees, and improve business to make a better world. We're Clutch.

Clutch is an experience strategy & design agency, fusing together our core skill sets of research, strategy and design. We help brands uncover new opportunities, innovations and transformations to enhance conversion, drive engagement and most importantly, increase happiness.

We specialize in a human-centered design approach, immersing ourselves in your organization to understand the overall end-to-end experience. Our mission is simple: create great experiences that delight your customers, engage your employees and improve your business to make a better world.

Our team is made of people that seek out challenges and look for opportunities to defy convention and solve problems in unexpected ways. In past lives, members of our team have been VPs of Fortune 500 companies, run their own businesses, taught at major universities and even served in our country’s armed forces. We’ve found bringing together our unique blend of experiences makes us greater than the sum of our parts.

Here at our office, there are no walls – figuratively and literally. No big offices, no isolated desks, no rigid hierarchies. We collaborate closely and directly with each other and with our clients, working as a single agile team. When you work with Clutch, you work with all of us. Sngular Meaning (formerly Daedalus) leverages data to optimize business results. We apply cognitive technologies, data science, big data and natural language processing. Sngular Meaning is invested by Sngular (https://www.linkedin.com/company/sngular), a Spanish ICT corporation with branches in Spain, Mexico and US. Sngular Meaning has been rebranded as MeaningCloud Europe in 2017. Follow us on https://www.linkedin.com/company/meaningcloud. Time is precious. Attention is priceless. We dream up ideas & deliver experiences that help brands build real relationships with real people.

There is an art to great science, and vice versa. Our work is rooted in the scientific method, mining data to be
distilled into sharp, smart insights about human behavior. The insights we uncover form the backbone of our
creativity, shaping our thinking and powering the application of that thinking into innovative concepts. 

We don’t do B2C or B2B marketing. We do H2H, human to human marketing. Retailored (retailored.be) is a young, growing company that helps Retail & FMCG companies to improve their profitability by offering tailored solutions based on advanced analytics.  Our credo is Data-driven Performance - period. We realise that success with data is a combination of hard work, attention to detail, a solid methodology, being results-focused, and change management. 

Retailored has been founded by two analytics managers, Filip and Patrick,  with 30+ years of combined experience in delivering value from analytical projects across Retail as well Media, Banking & Insurance.
Our primary focus is on Retail & FMCG and on developing trusted relationships with key clients to optimize their business performance using our methodology and expertise. 

Our approach is to start from the business and financial metrics that matter, and work with our customer to identify  and deliver opportunities such as:
-  Forecast Sales at product, store, or revenue level including multiple internal & external factors;
-  Improve assortment mix balancing customer needs & supply chain cost;
-  Create strategic customer segments by integrating profitability, potential and omnichannel behaviour;
-  Improve promotional  targeting through predictive models; 
-  Create transparency in promotional strategy by integrating different data source in a single holistic view;
-  Reduce inventory by forecasting seasonal demand and adjusting for actions;
-  Analyse revenue leakage through data audits

Moreover, through our link with DICE  (dice-cro.com), a clinical research organisation, we can tap into a unique blend of 'traditional' deep statistical expertise, and new data science/machine learning approaches.  MatterWorks is an Industrial Materials Technology company specializing in nonwovens, polymers and composites. Materials Technology drives production performance in many industries and has defined the ages of man. Harnessing the power of new materials technology brings innovation that is recognized by customers and opens up new market opportunities. Within the growing world of industrial nonwovens there are a range of high performance technologies that can be leveraged to take out processing costs and offer new capabilities to production plants that make a huge variety of end product. MatterWorks is dedicated to service industry by providing the latest new material solutions tailored to customer needs.

MatterWorks is a distributed employer with all individuals working from home offices. We leverage technology resources for communication, data sharing and video conferencing. 

Supply Chain Director - We are seeking a highly motivated individual to manage our global supply chain model and production operations. Computer savvy individuals with some background in Purchasing, Logistics, Supply Chain or Accounting could be successful. Full time or part time home office based with some travel to Granville Ohio offices.

Technical and Project manager - Background in Materials Science, Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, Mechanical engineering or other solid technical foundation. Experience in Composites, Films, Packaging Materials, Nonwovens, Polymers would be advantageous. Position could be filled at various levels based on individuals experience and capabilities. Full time or part time, primarily home office based. Independent consultant offering guidance and implementation of business case development, process improvement, project management, strategy development, and data analytics initiatives. 
 Bio-debug UG is truly Personalized life science solutions, with the synergy of machine learning and high speed computing  to decode the complexities of Biotechnology.Bio Debug aims to meet the growing demand through a smart and comprehensive data-analysis solution.

RESEARCH AND DISCOVERY

 TARGET/BIOMARKER IDENTIFICATION

 PORTFOLIO OPTIMIZATION

CLINICAL DEVELOPMENT

 TRIAL PLANNING AND EFFICIENCY

 CLINICAL TRIAL DESIGN

 COHORT IDENTIFICATION AND SEGMENTATION

 SAFETY MONITORING

 FORECASTING

 RESOURCE ALLOCATION

 SCENARIO PLANNING

MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLY CHAIN

 SUPPLIER COMPLIANCE

 INVENTORY MANAGEMENT

 DEMAND PLANNING AND FORECASTING

 MANUFACTURING ASSET

 PRODUCTIVITY AND EFFECTIVENESS

SALES AND MARKETING

 MANAGED MARKETS ANALYTICS

 CUSTOMER SEGMENTATION

 SALES FORCE EFFECTIVENESS

 MARKETING CHANNEL ANALYSIS

 PRICING OPTIMIZATION

 OUTCOMES OPTIMIZATION

"Biodebug will provide an anonymised and secure data analysis with actionable information to launch new biotech product or to confirm a strategy." Fractal River is a business advisory firm that helps companies drive innovation and operational excellence through a combination of broad expertise, best practices and advanced technology including machine learning and data science.

Typical areas include improvement of sales and marketing processes, customer experience and customer satisfaction, operations management, supply chain optimization, cost reduction, business transformation, customer service optimization, quality and performance improvement initiatives and more.

 Boutique Executive and Management Search Consultants, experienced in Consumer Packaged Goods, Manufacturing Operations, eCommerce, Data Science and Analytics Fashion is always changing. It’s ironic, then, that so many aspects of it have stayed the same for so long. Old manufacturing processes, inefficient supply chains, and wasteful practices make brands slow to adapt, and even worse, quick to lose customer loyalty. That’s unsustainable.

Brands that can't predict, react, and adapt will be overtaken by those who can make agile decisions. Velou wants to help the nimble brand, the bold leaders, the real-time collaborators.

We bring Machine Learning, AI and Data Science into a single intelligent digital platform at the fingertips of fashion brands to reinvent the fashion industry. Today and forever.
 Dedicated to the best in analysis and insight.  We seek to create wealth via innovations in technology.    Data Spawn and Edm. Biomaterials are part of Edm. Wm 8, LLC.  This page covers work outside of MIT.  Contact me at ew@schuster.us.com . DataIntel  offers services in Data Management, Machine Learning, Data Mining, Data Analytic for structured and non-structured data. DataIntel helps clients in data analytic and decision making in the areas such as :  Operational intelligence, Exploration and discovery and Performance management

DATAINTEL MODELLING SERVICES:

Machine learning:  Very technical layer of DataIntel’s workspace, data-intensive, part of data science and closely related to data mining. designing algorithms (like data mining), prototyping algorithms, designing automated systems (bidding algorithms, ad targeting algorithms) and refine or discover new rules (fraud detection). Core algorithms include clustering and supervised classification, rule systems, and scoring techniques. And last but not the least, deep learning.

Data mining:  DataIntel’s expertise in this working layer is about designing algorithms to extract insights from rather large and potentially unstructured data (text mining). DataIntel’s techniques include pattern recognition, feature selection, clustering, monitored classification and encompasses robust, data driven, scalable statistical techniques. 

Predictive modeling: DataIntel’s core strength area . Predictive modeling projects rapidly expanding in all industries across all disciplines. Predictive modeling projects aim at predicting future based on past data, usually but not always based on statistical modeling.  DataIntel also provides optimization service of search engine analytic using existing models and helps client to customize models.

To know more about DataIntel and its service offerings please login to www.dataintel.co or drop an email to sales@dataintel.co With more than fifteen years in the field of interface design, Jay Pelc has developed a vocation and lifestyle dedicated to the progression of human experience.  His foundation began in his hometown of Detroit, Michigan as a local graphic designer. It wasn’t long before his career led him to design for digital experiences in numerous automotive and industrial markets.  It was then he realized that human behavior in a responsive setting is more than a science, but can be chanced with an uppermost artistic perspective.

Jay uses his expertise of data analysis and behavioral psychology to sneak past the many biases that hinder interactive environments.  His corporate experience in both UI and UX allows him to not only identify architecture for applied markets, but effectively work with design talents to reach target demographics and increase engagement.

Jay continues to extend his knowledge in Experience Architecture across state and international lines by working with corporate markets such as Health Care, Supply Chain Ecommerce, Restaurant and Entertainment, as well as Capital, Political, and Organized Religion.  As an artstic enthusiast and avid photographer, Jay’s artistry can also be found in numerous publications for local and nationwide publications such as HOUR magazine and 944 Magazine. Data Science plays a critical role in key aspects of consumer internet businesses. It is central to the economics of traffic, demand and conversion. Management of growth rests on a quantitative understanding of user lifecycles, attrition and lifetime values. Companies rely on data-centric solutions for growing traffic, improving the returns from the traffic via conversion and monetization, and instrumentation/testing/analysis to fine-tune the user experience. In commerce-centric businesses, Data Science is also critical to inventory planning, resource allocation, routing, facility location and other areas of optimization.

At Short Proof, we offer end-to-end Data Science capabilities to companies in the consumer internet sector. We bring together extensive domain knowledge and experience; cross-functional capabilities that span analysis, research, engineering, product management and leadership; and expertise in a range of areas such as targeting and relevance, marketing optimization, advertising and ad networks, monetization models, sponsored search; user interface optimization, A/B testing and data frameworks for the consumer web, and optimization of supply chains and operations. 

The Short Proof difference:

-- A nuanced quantitative understanding of complex user lifecycles and the relationship between user experience on one hand and lifecycle parameters such as attrition and lifetime value on the other. That understanding drives product decisions and prioritization, and it also powers the optimization of user acquisition machinery.
-- Sophisticated growth management models link user acquisition and spend optimization, lifetime value models, attrition prediction, re-engagement and incentive programs
-- Business model optimization, including keeping a tab on the pulse of a young user base and evolving user behaviors, and tweaking the relationship with the user to take advantage of discovered patterns and sidestep threats and risks. 
 Your dedicated offshore team safe harbour

Creating and managing offshore dedicated teams for various sorts of purposes including 

Information Technology Services:

- Cognitive
- Data Science
- Fintech
- Blockchain
- Mobile/desk
- Enterprise
- Internet of Things
- QA
- support and monitoring

and commodity business functions like:

- general admin and contact centers
- HR Services & talen acquisition
- marketing services
- procurement & supply chain
- finance & accounting
- back office We provided data analysis and opportunity discovery, of client’s supply chain and manufacturing processes, to reduce waste, improve quality and capability, while engaging client’s internal stakeholders to gain consensus on recommendations and development of an implementation strategy.  Data science advisory and implementation.  Past work includes strategy and road mapping, team planning, data system creation, ad hoc analysis, and machine learning model development.

Past projects include 1) predicting locomotive component failure to anticipate future supply chain needs for General Electric, 2) clustering user behaviors to identify misuses of software ui, 3) advising two a.i. companies on feature engineering for conversion models, 4) predicting churn and conversion for two rideshare and two software companies, 5) making rent/build/kill decisions for 20+ companies considering data science projects; for companies in Kenya, Japan, Korea, Brazil, and Silicon Valley.

Currently accepting new clients and applications for collaborators (1x data engineer, 2x junior data scientists). 4Fiber which is a reliable sourcing partner for fiber optical solutions! Dedicated to optical communication product research and development design and provide system solutions company, is a global market in the field of optical devices and optical interconnection application technology innovators and pioneers.

Founded in 2010, is located in Chengdu, with "science and technology first, quality first, the team first, service first" philosophy, just a few short years rapid growth as a major player in the optical communication industry, and has a strong product design and development team, system, solution team, supply chain management team and marketing team.All price from 4Fiber is EXW price of Factory,4Fiber Design and research & development for each of them.We control quality and provide best service to customer!

I am looking forward to hearing from you~ Spitfire Staffing & Recruiting, LLC is a search firm dedicated to providing both clients and candidates with the highest possible level of personalized service and attention. Our approach to client and candidate relationship is best in class.
For Candidates: 
We thoroughly screen our candidates in order to ensure there is a fit both culturally and professionally, for both candidate and client. This initial conversation lays the groundwork for a long term partnership for the duration of a professional's career. 
We offer guidance and coaching throughout the entire interview process. 
We assist in offer negotiation and ensuring that the candidate makes an informed decision.
For Clients: 
We ensure that the candidate understands your organization, as well as the purpose and responsibilities of the position
We offer top talent looking to make next step, strategic career moves.
We help facilitate the recruiting process by assisting in the scheduling of interviews and managing candidate expectations regarding level, title, and compensation.

Industry Experience: 
Automotive, Banking and Finance, Healthcare, Insurance, Telecommunications, Public Sector, Aerospace & Defense, Pharmaceutical, Oil & Gas, Energy, Utilities, Supply Chain, Distribution & Logistics, Manufacturing, Consumer Goods & Products, Management Consulting, and High Tech.

We have experience in the following areas:
 
>ERP and CRM Technologies: SAP, Oracle (Financials, Hyperion), Salesforce
>Business Intelligence and Data Warehousing
>Data Management and Architecture
>Financial Shared Services, FP&A, and Financial Transformation
>Enterprise Risk, Risk Management, Market Risk 
>Strategy (IT and Business) and Operations
>Supply Chain, Procurement, Strategic Sourcing, Category Management
>Smart Grid, Advanced Metering Infrastructure, Demand Management Systems
>Digital Marketing and Analytics
>Relationship Marketing and Brand Management
>Big Data, Predictive Analytics and Machine Learning Alternatives Technologie pharma is the leading provider of cold chain compliance solutions and strives to enable Life Science partners and Healtcare organizations to assure and protect the integrity of their sensitive products and to comply with increasingly ever stingent regulations, by tracking and monitoring assets across the supply chain, from the manufacturer, to the end user... LTS, Inc. is a S-corporation founded in 1995 that serves both commercial industry and government clients.   We solve your problems improvement science tools.  We are masters of lean six sigma, data analytics, machine learning, theory of constraints and operations research.  One situation that you would bring us in on would be to assess problems that you and your supply chain partners are unable to solve.  We will provide a proposal to both fix your problem and prevent it from reoccurring in the future.  Another would be to design and develop a leading edge products or services that make you a leader in the marketplace.

Targeted areas of expertise are electronic medical records systems design and implementation, streamlining healthcare systems and operations, optimizing performance of aerospace products and services, electronics, electro-optical and electro-mechanical systems, transactional business operations, sizing ERP systems, etc. We are a data science consulting firm based out of Hyderabad with offices in the United States. 

We work with clients towards institutionalizing a culture of extreme experimentation and data driven decision making. 

We instrument tools to collect data, analyze data and help with implementation of decisions. We work primarily in the areas of Sales & Marketing, Customer behavior Analysis, Product Management & Supply Chain Management.
 A successful digital transformation helps customers to reinvent or grow their business.

Intys Data is a company dedicated to guiding customers leverage their digital transformation on a large scale. 

By combining data-driven mindset with a lean-driven approach, our skilled experts solve complex problems in the fields of finance, procurement, supply chain and operations. 

Intys Data was created together with Dataa, a company specializing in data science, predictive modeling and artificial intelligence. 

Intys Data is part of Intys Partners, one of the fastest growing European management consultancy groups with offices in Belgium, France and Luxembourg. The Graduate School of Arts and Sciences of Fordham University fosters the cultivation of knowledge, wisdom, and a deeper understanding of the human condition. Guided by its Catholic and Jesuit traditions, the GSAS aspires to prepare students for teaching and leadership in a global society, by welcoming learners from diverse religious, economic, and cultural backgrounds into full participation in a scholarly endeavor.

The Graduate School of Arts and Sciences is committed to the education of talented men and women in the liberal arts and sciences and offers programs of advanced study in a number of academic disciplines. Master’s and doctoral degrees are offered in biological sciences, classics, economics, English, history, philosophy, psychology, and theology. Master’s degrees are also offered in computer and information science, elections and campaign management, public media, and urban studies. Interdisciplinary programs include master’s degrees in ethics and society, international humanitarian action, and international political economy development; a master’s degree and a doctoral-level certificate in medieval studies; and an M.F.A. in playwriting. Advanced certificate programs in biomedical informatics, conservation biology, emerging markets and risk analysis, financial computing, financial econometrics and data analysis, and health-care ethics are also offered. Graduate certificates in International Diplomas are also available in Humanitarian Assistance, Operational Humanitarian Assistance, and Management of Humanitarian Action.

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT:
GSAS Futures is a professional development initiative sponsored by the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences and the Graduate Student Association. Our goal is to prepare our students for the kinds of careers they want. To do this, GSAS Futures will organize skill-building workshops, alumni panels, and networking events.  Arivale is a revolutionary new wellness company that combines cutting-edge science, personalized data, and tailored coaching to help clients optimize their wellness. We get to know clients at the deepest level by looking at their genome, their blood and saliva, gut microbiome, and lifestyle. Then we connect each client with a personal coach who provides clear, actionable recommendations to help them thrive. 

Arivale: Your scientific path to wellness. Welcome to the Defense Technical Information Center’s (DTIC) LinkedIn page. Here you will find the latest information regarding job opportunities, DTIC news, and benefits the agency has to offer.

DTIC was established after WWII in 1945. During that period it was known as the Air Documents Research Center (ADRC) and was responsible for collecting and cataloging scientific, technical, and intelligence documents. Over the years DTIC has evolved in name and mission to what it is today – the Department of Defense (DoD) central repository for all defense-related scientific, technical, research, and engineering information.

DTIC offers its employees extensive opportunities for personal and professional development. Working with the science and technical community gives DTIC employees access to ground-breaking research, and cutting edge technology. To learn more about joining our team visit http://go.usa.gov/xkGYe. Adphorus is a travel marketing science company that provides travel brands around the globe with the tools and the know-how to scale their revenues through a scientific approach to travel advertising on Facebook and Instagram.
						
Our platform makes executing a marketing science strategy automated, scalable and easy. Meanwhile, our team helps you design good experiments, choose meaningful hypotheses to test, and derive next steps from your results.
			
We are an official Facebook & Instagram Marketing Partner, working closely with brands like trivago, Kayak, AirFrance, NH Hotels, and Traveloka. Adphorus is the only FMP focusing solely on the travel and hospitality vertical. It is the one platform that is built by and for travel marketers, dedicated to developing custom solutions to achieve performance at scale on Facebook. Intertranslations is a leading international translation service provider established in 1996 with offices in London and Athens. Our expertise lies in the legal, financial, marketing, life science, technology, manufacturing, consumer product, government, public service, transport and energy sectors.

Our organization holds independent accreditations ISO 27001:2013 for Data Security and ISO 9001:2008 for Quality. Clients include leading international firms, global financial institutions, life science organizations, and EU institutions.

Intertranslations provides bespoke solutions with end-to-end capability via a collaborative partnership model. Our innovative InLance® Platform ensures the maximization of time and accuracy while providing the most affordable solutions.

With significant investment in the development of new technology solutions to drive quality and efficiency, we deliver successful translation and localization projects that help organizations effectively communicate on a global scale.
 Simple Energy is changing how millions of people save energy and how utilities engage their customers. We use behavioral science, big data analytics, and digital marketing techniques to build software that makes saving energy fun, social and rewarding. We are helping people make sense of their energy usage, save more and enjoy doing so. Our mission is to help utilities better serve their customers and to create lasting change in the way people use energy. StratApps, headquartered in Silicon Valley, is a Global Solutions and Products company focused on enabling organizations to use data as a growth lever. With more than 6 years of experience in helping organizations realize value of analytics, whether startups or Fortune 500, our customers have the solutions to make informed decisions to increase profits, optimize utilization of resources, reduce waste, and focus on areas of growth.

We offer exceptional expertise and customer service for solutions in:

• Designing and implementing data warehouses from scratch
• Developing ETL strategy to aggregating data from multiple disparate data sources.
• Building complex, self-service analytics dashboards and reports that provide a uniform, conformed and holistic view of business processes
• Deploying, extending and establishing enterprise wide business intelligence platforms
• Guiding your reduction of BI Standardization Costs with a single view of user adoptions across not one, but multiple platforms Connexion Point, a tech-enabled healthcare services company, delivers outcome based solutions specializing in the healthcare field.  Facilitating consumer communication, engagement, and retention throughout the lifecycle of the consumer, Connexion Point connects the healthcare industry to consumers, and consumers to their healthcare.  
Clients include the top payers and providers in the nation.  By combining a disruptive technology platform, industry leading data science, true web-scale technology, and human capital resources, Connexion Point delivers results unmatched in the industry.  
Connexion Point is an award winning, privately held company with multiple sites in Utah, Texas, Tennessee, and Florida.  Yorke Rosenberg Mardall provides architectural, interior design and urban planning services in each of our group and partner offices across Europe.

Founded in 1946, working within the evolving modernist tradition with an emphasis on simplicity, integrity and quality, our work has covered sectors including:

Airports - Airport planning and terminal design
Corporate - Office buildings and campus planning
Healthcare - Hospital buildings and campus planning
Industrial - Logistics and technology buildings and estate planning
Lifestyle - Arts, hotel, residential and retail buildings and estate planning
Science and Technology - Data, new media and pharmaceutical buildings and estate planning PSI Talent Measurement (formerly PAN) is the ultimate talent measurement platform. We offer a simplified assessment experience for identifying, selecting, and building talent using science and data. HR professionals and consultants are hooked on our catalog of the most in-demand assessments from 50+ publishers, all on one flexible platform that’s intuitive for administrators and candidates alike. We’re the leader in building custom and high-stakes testing programs, offering access to 600+ proctored test centers. 

In 2015, PSI acquired the world-renowned 16pf® Questionnaire to provide even greater utility to clients. 

To date, PSI has delivered over 20 million assessments and served more than 5,000 customers in over 20 countries. From small businesses to global entities and governments, PSI is the partner of choice in supporting successful talent measurement.  

To learn more, visit psionline.com/talent or call 877.449.8378. We help businesses to harness their data and use it to understand, model and predict business performance – delivering improved engagement, efficiency and profitability.

Understand ● Model ● Predict
In today’s digital world business decision makers need direct access to real time, reliable, relevant and actionable data in order to make critical business decisions.

However, with the convergence of social, mobile, cloud and big data technologies, aggregating that data, ensuring its validity, extracting maximum value from it, and communicating actionable information across an enterprise is a massive challenge.

Empowering your end users to make accurate data driven decisions requires a flexible and scalable technological landscape, visible and valid data, powerful predictive metrics and ensured end user engagement.

Altius has a long history and established reputation for helping companies implement data management solutions to source and manage their data, and deliver actionable business intelligence direct to decision makers.

STRATEGY
We will work with you to develop a detailed roadmap for a transformation project focused on capturing and utilising digital data to improve business intelligence and empower your organisation to drive growth.

DATA PLATFORM
Running on elastic cloud technology, the Altius data platform provides a scalable, fast and inexpensive cloud based analytics platform on which to store and manage your data.

PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT
Gain efficiencies, reduce costs and exploit opportunities across financial planning and budgeting, sales forecasting, workforce scheduling, and stock forecasting.

DATA SCIENCE & ANALYTICS
Our Data Science team will apply artificial intelligence and advanced analytical machine learning techniques to deliver incomparable business insight to help you predict future trends and behaviours.

DATA VISUALISATION
Your business insight cleverly presented as relevant, easy to digest and engaging infographics and touch enabled interfaces to help your decision makers gain immediate insight and make accurate, timely decisions.

MANAGED SERVICES
A comprehensive, tailored managed service offering that encompasses configuration and management of cloud infrastructure, through to application management, and management of critical business processes.

If you would like to discuss how Altius can help you extract value from your data to help improve business performance, please get in touch. We are an educational technology products company, designing industry relevant programs, building optimum educational environment, and developing competencies in the area of emerging technologies.
 Whiteboard Federal Technologies is a small, engineer-focused company that specializes in building innovative software and systems to support the U.S. Intelligence Community and the Department of Defense. 

We work on R&D initiatives, proof of concept programs, enterprise-level flagship systems, and fresh development. Many of the projects we undertake are big data analytics-focused systems that live in the cloud. All of the projects we choose to work on are challenging and engaging. The Social Research Centre (located in Melbourne, Australia) provides the Australian social science research community with access to world-class survey research services and a full range of survey design, data management, analytical and qualitative skills.  Since inception over 1,000 contracts have been awarded by clients.

Our motivation stems from the desire to undertake high quality quantitative and qualitative research that informs decision-making, has a positive social impact and advances our understanding of Australian society. Our goal is to be internationally acknowledged as a centre for excellence in the provision of social science research services.

The Social Research Centre is owned by the Australian National University (ANU) and enjoys unprecedented access to ANU researchers and ANU’s world-class research environment. In addition to more than 65 professional staff, we have an extensive in-house data collection capacity at our Melbourne location. This includes the operation of a 125-station Computer Assisted Telephone Interviewing (CATI) Call Centre, as well as the ability to undertake on-line, mail and mixed mode surveys.  We also have a specialist Qualitative Research Unit which works collaboratively with the Quantitative Team as well as conducting stand-alone qualitative research and evaluation.

In 2016 we launched Australia’s first probability online panel, Life in Australia, giving Australian researchers, policymakers, academics and business leaders ready access to a scientifically sampled cross-section of the Australian community. SureWaves, a media convergence pioneer with solutions that interweave television, digital displays, mobile and internet, is one of the most innovative Indian media companies of recent times. SureWaves has a rich portfolio of technology with more than 40 patents filed till date and is supported by – Technology Development Board (A Unit of Ministry of Science and Technology – Government Of India). It has also been recognized as the “Most Innovative Technology Start-Up” by the Software Technology Parks of India (Unit of GOI).

SureWaves, is fast changing the face of advertising on cable and regional satellite channels with its flagship solution, SureWaves Spot TV Network. Up until now, advertising on these channels has been inaccessible to national advertisers due to extremely high fragmentation, lack of accountability and measurability. SureWaves brings patented technology that allows advertisers the absolute freedom to pick their audiences on a market by market basis. SureWaves’ disruptive technology is a combination of cloud-based solutions and expert customer profiling. It ensures that, as an advertiser, one not only has the flexibility to choose their target audience; restrict advertising to a specific region; but also receives real-time data on the ads placed by them. This absolute control and transparency, provides a great advantage for existing advertisers, as well as niche brands and location-specific advertisers. 

SureWaves won the ‘Best Innovative Technology’, two years in a row at the BCS Ratna Awards 2014 and 2015 and ‘Breakthrough Product Innovation in R&D’ at ‘The Innovation Practitioner’s Summit’ for the year 2014.  SureWaves has won the Indian IT industry's most coveted award for Excellence in Emerging Technologies for 2015. . The award is constituted by the 107 year old organization, Indian Merchant Chambers(IMC) to recognize the efforts of companies to help grow the Indian IT industry.
Please visit www.surewaves.com
 Incubated in Harvard Innovation Launch Lab and backed by Peter Diamandis, Experfy is a consulting and training platform for AI, big data and IoT with 30,000 data scientists.  To address an extreme scarcity of talent in this space, Experfy began as an on-demand marketplace, where some of the world’s most prestigious data science talent bids on consulting projects.  In addition, the same experts are engaged in developing training content focused on specific verticals and use-cases. Combining self-paced courses with live instruction, Experfy data experts are helping companies in up-skilling their workforce.  Experfy’s enterprise training platform includes an LMS that can evaluate student code, a course development platform for instructors, and an assessment dashboard for companies who want to monitor employee skills development. All courses go through a peer-review process and are are taught by seasoned experts.  After the success of its Data Science Certification,  Experfy is now working on launching a number of industry-specific IoT certification programs in cooperation with consortia that are backed by major players in the industry. Experfy is Gartner Cool Vendor in Data Science and Machine Learning, 2017. Webber Chase is a market-leading, highly specialized Commodities Executive Search and Head-hunting firm, working across the Energy, Oil, Gas, Metals, Dry Bulk, Renewables, Environmental and Agricultural sectors.

Our success is built upon our personalised, long term Partnerships across our core Clients, a long-established global Candidate network, and cultivating a highly collaborative Team within our business. This gives us a deeper understanding of our clients’ needs and a distinctive market coverage, which allows us to supporting the hiring strategies across our highly valued Clients. 

Our coverage spans the entire spectrum of commodity-linked revenue generating functions, including: 
- Trading - Physical and Derivatives 
- Sales, Structuring and Origination
- Trade Finance and Operations
- Quantitative Research and Data Science Analytics
- Corporate Banking and Finance
- Technology and Cyber Security
- Governance, Risk and Compliance

Webber Chase's services cover Financial Services and Downstream recruitment across a spectrum of clients including Investment Banks, Hedge Funds, Asset Managers, Trading Houses, Consultancies, Private Equity, Ratings Agencies, Private Banking, Utilities, Producers, E&P Producers, Boutique Specialists and Law Firms. 

Feel free to contact us for a confidential and casual chat on;
Singapore +65 6589 8988
London +44 203 587 7990    

Webber Chase is part of Chase Global, a leading provider of infrastructure and platform based support to multiple headhunting companies with offices and representatives in Singapore, Sydney, Hong Kong, Leeds, London, Stamford and New York. Big Data For Humans enables retail and travel companies understand their customers and make more money. Our Data Science-as-a-Service platform automates customer insights, then enables regular business users to execute successful customer marketing programs. Around 15-25% of annual sales are available by targeting on more order or booking from our clients'​ core customer groups. Center for Toxicology and Environmental Health, LLC (CTEH®) is a science-based company established to provide toxicology and environmental health and safety consulting services. Its mission is to develop sound scientific solutions to issues in toxicology, risk assessment, and environmental health by applying state-of-the-art science to problems faced by private industry, government, the general public, and the courts. Our business is conducted in a manner that is productive and cost-effective for our clients and will include a work environment that fosters scientific and professional excellence. 7F Consulting was founded by industry executives with MBAs from the University of Michigan, Ross School of Business. The 3 founders are passionate problem solvers and thought leaders in their respective fields, from AI to organizational effectiveness. 

We anticipate future trends, identify pain points, and provide insights to transform our clients'​ organizations. 

Connect with us at www.7fconsulting.com

Offices: Seattle, San Francisco, Los Angeles Security, Cybersecurity, Intelligence. - Civilian. Private Citizen. 

Critical Thinker. Strategic Operator. Passionate. Patriot. Resilient. 

www.MGMTConsulting.com

www.TheUserExperience.com 

www.facebook.com/MGMTConsultingGlobal


MGMT Consulting Global, LLC
7950 NW 53rd Street Suite 337
Miami, FL 33166  USA
888-61-STRAT /  888-617-8728
contact@mgmtconsulting.com
legal@mgmtconsulting.com

Never Assume. Don't trust, verify. Trust is earned. Don't start with the premise of "trust."

“The good thing about science is that it's true whether or not you believe in it.” -  Neil deGrasse Tyson

"There is no rest for the weary." 

Twitter: @mgmtglobal

David Lerner - MGMT Consulting Global, LLC. 
   
STRATEGIC PROFESSIONAL SERVICES:

Strategic Global Management Consulting,  Strategic Government Consulting and Relations, Strategic Technology Consulting,  Strategic Operational Security and Cybersecurity Consulting,  Strategic Sales and Marketing Consulting,  Strategic Social Media and SEO Optimization Consulting,  Strategic New Business Development Consulting,  Strategic Product Development Consulting,  Strategic Business Review Analysis,  Strategic SaaS Sales, Enterprise Sales, B2B Sales, B2C Sales Consulting, Strategy Consulting, Business Plan Consulting,  Strategic Operations and Secure Logistics Consulting,  Strategic Supply Chain Management Consulting, Designing, and Architecture, Strategic Deception Tactics Deployment Consulting for Critical Assets and Enterprise Security Professionals.  Strategic Threat Detection and Defense. Strategic Consulting for Public / Private Sector Partnerships and Cooperation for Network Defense, Cybersecurity, Risk Mitigation, and all Critical, Security Related Matters.  With an intention of establishing transparent and complete compliance in the area of Supply chain services, Anvase was kick started in 2003 by a group of professionals experienced in the area of Logistics, Exim regulations, Customs brokerage, 3PL, Industrial services and manufacturing. People, work culture, knowledge base of related services, Quality and Processes are the strength of the organization. A dedicated Technical Assistance Cell is created to meet Internal and Customer’s Requirement. Our customers are from the field of IT services, Aerospace, R&D IT, R&D Life science, Manufacturers of large machines and components. Becoming part of somebody else’s supply chain can lead to uplift for businesses round the world.

Specialities:
i.	Customs Brokerage – Duly licensed by Indian Customs and with excellent data warehousing capabilities, we are one of the Top 20 Customs Brokers in Bangalore with average Air shipments ranging from 12000 to 15000, over 1000 containers and Bonded warehouse clearances. The shipments include Dangerous goods regulation cargo, Dry ICE refilling cargo, Delicate IT equipment, Heavy machinery, Components and parts. 
ii.	Compliance – Our in-depth knowledge in the area of Compliance helps us in providing 100% EOU/STPI/SEZ services, obtain fast track clearance approvals, Valuate related party transactions, Import & Export license under Exim policy DGFT) and obtain Refunds and Duty draw back from Customs.
iii.	Consultation – Our vast knowledge and experience gained over decades of service is dedicated to provide consultation to customers in the areas of Customs laws and procedures, Pre-audit on compliance (EOU/STPI/SEZ and duty imports), Procedures and regulatory advice, Related party imports and SVB. Our company stands for successful IT developments, consulting and training projects around the fields revenue management, pricing, sales and operations research. With our product portfolio and industry knowhow we serve a broad variety of customers in the transport and logistic sector. Stable growth and an excellent corporate culture have shaped our company in recent years. By applying profound methodical and industry knowledge, we’re turning your data into true capital! Datos Consulting is a premier Data Science and Analytics Consulting and Custom Software Development company that specializes in providing integrated analytical solutions and software for end-to-end optimization and decision making. 

Services:

1.	Data Science and Analytics Consulting
Data Scientist and Business Consultants specializing in the use of advanced analytics to get insightful business results. Combine advanced skills in data analytics, statistics, algorithms, and machine learning with deep domain and process expertise.

2.	Custom Software Development
Develop custom software and apps providing rich data-driven solutions for business processes. Our Decision Support Systems (DSS) incorporate Advanced Analytics which are driven by advanced statistical models, embedded analytics, algorithms, and artificial intelligence for real-time decision making.

3.	Managed Analytics 
Managed Analytics services help deliver decision making quickly and effectively. We are our clients’ internal analytics resources, including mathematicians, business analysts, and statisticians. We bring the data scientist, tools, software, expertise, and experience and deliver the results in the cloud or on-premise through our analytics platform.
 VertiSync is a Management Consulting firm dedicated to implementing tangible and measurable operational improvements across our clients' businesses.

We work closely with clients to develop solutions to tough business problems grounded in rigorous analysis.  We then work side by side with employees and managers, testing and customizing each solution to match each unique situation. Any modern business today must continuously assess itself. Whether it is solving a throughput problem in the supply chain, optimizing a sophisticated network of operating units, or forecasting demand under uncertainty, making multi-dimensional decisions from data is the life-blood of today’s enterprise.

At UNEE, we can help you navigate the complexities of today's overwhelming sea of data by leveraging new technologies in next generation analytics, virtualization, and data integration.

Out team has years of experience in helping all types of businesses meet their goals by leveraging next generation technology stacks.

Analytics | Data Virtualization | Data Visualization | Integration | Development | Business Analysis Pop! Technology is a material science company founded with the world’s first patented active barcodes.  Today, we offer a portfolio of barcode-based packaging sensors providing manufacturers and retailers with new tools for product safety and counterfeit detection.

Pop! Technology’s barcodes are an enhancement to any barcode, such as the Universal Product Code (UPC), so have all the capabilities of the base barcode.  Our active and interactive barcodes record additional critical data streams: if a product is authentic or if an item has been mishandled.

For instance, one of our products detects if a vial of insulin has been exposed to improper temperatures and prevents the item from being used.  With their camera-enable mobile phone, consumers can check the insulin using a Pop! barcode prior to self-administration. KrishiHub is building an agricultural ecosystem to solve one of the most complex problems of India using technology, design and data science. Our core values are to empower farmers and improve their socio-economic status.

KrishiHub provides an online platform that connects farmers directly with businesses (restaurants/hotels/retail stores etc.). Our customers create subscriptions and places orders through the android app and we deliver vegetables to their doorsteps directly from farmers. Our supply chain creates transparency in the prices, barring out many layers of middlemen present in traditional system. Apart from that, we also add values in terms of cleaning, grading, sorting and packaging. By adding values, our skilled labours ensure quality in the products.

KrishiHub is currently operational in National Capital Region (NCR). Over 200 farmers across Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and NCR sell their vegetables through KrishiHub platform. TRUSTED DATA is on a mission to revolutionise customer intelligence with predictive technology, by offering  world-class Data Science solutions to solve the most pressing business problems.

Our purpose is simply to identify meaningful data patterns for our clients that will assist their organisation in making the most insightful business decisions, delivering improved business intelligence in a more efficient manner.

Trusted Data offer big data solutions that can transform the way you do business, applying a range of forecasting, optimisation and predictive analytics to address current, or even hidden business problems.

To date, our team have successfully delivered complex analytics solutions across a range of industries:
 
•	Telecommunications 
•	Automotive
•	CPG & Manufacturing
•	Retail
•	Banking
•	Insurance
•	Metro Planning 

Whether you are a CEO, HR Director, Commercial lead or Supply Chain VP, we offer a range of solutions bespoke to a range of industry horizontals:

•	Human Resources
•	Supply Chain & Operations
•	Product & Pricing
•	Risk & Fraud
•	Investment Modelling
•	Customer Analytics
•	Smart Transportation

For companies seeking to reduce their cost base, better understand and manage their risks, to deepen their understanding of HR dynamics, or to grow sales through improved customer engagement and penetration, Trusted Data's team have been on hand to deliver more than $750mn value.
 Founded in 2005, Rang Technologies has been a leading diversity firm specializing in comprehensive staffing augmentation services and technology solutions.
 
Our staffing experts consistently deliver talented professionals to the workforce, keeping quality, responsiveness and cost in mind. Our expertise in IT, Healthcare, Engineering, Pharmaceuticals, Retail, Government and Manufacturing industries allow us to work closely with hiring managers to not only ensure that all their hiring initiatives are fulfilled, but that we also have a long-term strategic recruiting partnership.

Our technology solutions experts help our customers make better data-driven strategies in Business Analytics, Campaign and Marketing Analytics, Financial Analytics, Predictive Analytics, Risk Modeling, Risk and Compliance Model Validation, Fraud Analytics (Fraud Detection and Fraud Prevention), Anti Money-Laundering (AML) and Know Your Customer (KYC) Analytics, Clinical Data Analytics, CDISC SDTM and ADaM, Biostatistics, Healthcare Analytics, Web and Digital Analytics, Media Analytics, Insurance Analytics, Retail Analytics, Logistics Analytics, Inventory Analytics, Supply Chain Analytics, Customer Insights and Analytics, Manufacturing Analytics, Warranty Analytics, Energy and Utility Analytics, Automobile Analytics, Agriculture Analytics, Visual Analytics, Machine Learning, Text Analytics, Business Intelligence, Big Data, Business Analysis, The Internet of Things (IoT), Data Security, Artificial Intelligence, and SAS Grid Administration.

Our goal is to meet expectations of excellence – those of our customers, our employees, our candidates, and those of our community. Our corporate culture is one of integrity and loyalty. These core values are evident in all that we do. We are committed to ensuring that your experience with our technology and recruitment specialists will be a positive one. Paramation is a technical services provider, business consultancy, software product incubator, and holding company, serving a diverse selection of clients.  It uses a proprietary, services-oriented technology platform to produce complete applications and improve complex processes at a relatively lower cost per engagement. 

Paramation utilizes internal engagement and technical  leads and combines them with an external network of specialized operators familiar with its platform and project flows.  This allows Paramation to provide a breadth of offering capability without passing overhead onto clients.

Paramation seeks to use it's technical consulting to identify common problems across industries, sectors, and business sizes.  Once identified, it works to build products, services, and capabilities that are both extensible and reusable within future engagements to continuously improve its ability to create higher functionality in less time.

Paramation also invests, holds, and owns interest in other assets where its technology is aligned.  These include equity, products, and digital assets. 


 What is your data's story?

If you have tons of data but no information, we can help you look at your data in a new way. We use data visualizations to reveal meaningful relationships that are useful to your business. It's not about creating amazing dashboards and awesome reports – though there can be value in that – rather, it’s about making decisions that are more than just educated guesses. It’s about using data to drive strategy.

That's why you don't have a data problem, you have a business problem. Our expertise is explaining the story of your data in your business language. Before we even begin to look at your data, we take the time to get to know your problem from a business perspective, not a technical one.

We are experts in bridging the gap between business and technical teams. Often, analytics projects fail because so many things get lost in translation. We keep everyone on the same page and remain focused on the business problem.

We also don’t rely solely on the statistics and rigors of data science – we won’t pound you over the head with complex data flows and shroud the solution with impenetrable algorithms. If we can’t explain our solution to you, then we haven’t done our job.

Losing customers and can’t pinpoint the root cause? Margins starting to fall even though you just raised prices? Do you have a complete picture of your customers’ journey? Are customer satisfaction scores up but renewals down? Does your Supply Chain have hiccups but you never see them coming? Is your Service Department putting out fires rather than proactively making your customers more loyal?

We help your business find useful information in your data.

It’s likely that your data already has some of the answers you seek. Let us help you find those answers. Go further with Analytics

Analytics Patrols uses data science and Big Data techniques, to make predictive and prescriptive advanced analytics. Help your business to make better informed decisions, in the fields of Marketing Analytics, Operations/Supply Chain Analytics, and Financial/Risk Management Analytics.


Marketing Analytics
Our marketing analytics services empower organizations to evaluate the effectiveness of their marketing activities, aiming to reach customer satisfaction and retention.

Operation/Supply Chain Analytics
Our operations analytics services allow organizations to better allocate their resources, optimize their revenues, run leaner operations, and keep better track of their supply chain resources.

Financial/Risk Management Analytics
Our financial analytics services empower organizations to better optimize their financial resources and better manage their risk profile.

Analytics Patrols Methodology
The way Analytics Patrols does business is through offering managed services, in which we build our platform in the client’s environment, and use that to launch and manage various client business cases, as if we are the client’s in-house analytics team.
All maintained and managed with the highest levels of security and protection of the client’s privacy Purdue University Krannert School of Management official Association of Industrial Management Students. An organization designed to enhance the top Krannert students' education outside the classroom in a major specific enviroment.  Cervest is an advanced analytics platform for predicting and managing risk in agri-food markets. Cervest applies cutting-edge analytics and computational statistics to radically improve decisions on risks and emerging threats. Its initial DecisionVest application is the first product of its kind in the market to manage complex risks in global agri-food chains. It uniquely maps a client’s supply networks, quantifies resources, and models real-time risk – combining billions of data points to enable ‘machine intelligence’ to augment decisions. Applying advanced quants across high-performance computing, DecisionVest enables enterprise clients to radically augment the scope, speed, and scale of decisions to optimize resources, resiliency, and profitability.

Cervest has a strategic partnership with market leading analytics and big math company Via Science Inc. in USA (www.viascience.com).  Cervest is a mission-focused B-Corp based in London.  Mark9 - is an Exclusive SAP & Big Data Company, focusing on the new dimension products.

We offer specialized consulting & training in:

SAP SCM - Maximize the return on your SAP Investment Dollar
In the age of intense competition, Supply Chain efficiency and adaptability are not just requirements for success, but they are necessities for survival. We specialize in helping clients improve supply chain planning performance and leveraging SAP technology.
We specialize in helping clients improve supply chain planning performance and leveraging SAP technology. Our pool of SAP professionals has the know-how to increase operational efficiency, reduce costs, maintain business continuity, and maximize the return on your SAP investment dollars.

SAP GRC - Minimize Regulatory risks.. Maximize Efficiency in compliance
QUAdRisk provides globally bench-marked risk and compliance solutions that enables companies to build a more resilient business.​ QUAdRisk’s mission is to help its customers to adopt mature risk management practices in their day-to-day operations and thereby:
-Reduce risk of litigation and penalties with effective internal controls
-Secure their businesses with better visibility of their risks across geographies and business units
-Reduce the cost of compliance through automation and outsourcing.

Big Data
Big Data has the potential to solve big problems – in public health, medicine, science, agriculture, engineering, business and more. But Big Data is too big, too fast and too hard for traditional Information Technology to process……So we’re inventing new technologies and techniques.

We also unearth and plant SAP & BIG DATA Talents:

SAP New Dimension Products - HANA (S4, HEC, HCP), Ariba, SuccessFactors, Fiori, Afarai, Lumira, Fieldglass, Simplified Finance, Cloud 4 Customer, NextLabs, Greenlight, Concur

Big Data - Hadoop Ecosystem, NoSQL, Ingestion & Streaming, Machine Learing, Real-Time Query, Search Tools Sterling Simulation provides comprehensive simulation consulting solutions to organizations of all sizes, as well as model generation services for organizations with existing modeling & data science departments. Sterling Simulation uses leading-edge computer simulation software to specialize in multi-method modeling to support physical and virtual systems in supply chain, manufacturing, the oil & natural gas industry and more. Enabling companies to gain greater insight by discerning possible outcomes, proposing resolutions while improving system efficiency. Silvertone Analytics is a boutique consulting firm that empowers clients to use data to drive their decision making process. We offer a wide range of business intelligence solutions including, Data Driven Consulting, Marketing Analytics, Data Infrastructure Implementation, Tableau Development and Competitive Landscape Research. We use a combination of internal and external data sources to give our clients a much higher resolution picture of their organization’s current environment. We are passionate about what we do, characterised by an atmosphere of pride in our achievements, commitment & teamwork.

The Space Applications Services group has offices in Belgium (HQ), Germany, the Netherlands and the USA. We are a dynamic international group with 30 years'​ experience in performing and supporting system and software engineering for the European Space Agency (ESA), National Space Agencies and the aerospace industry.

We work on international manned & unmanned spacecraft programmes, earth observation, science, exploration, communications and related technology development. 

The company takes responsibility for the complete project life-cycle from establishing customer needs, designing and selecting the most appropriate technology, assembling the best team to implement the solution and, in some cases, operating the system for the customer.

EXPERTISE
•  System Engineering
•  Software Engineering
•  Systems Integration
•  Facility Operations & Training
•  On-site Services
•  RTD

EXPERIENCE
•  Control and Data Centers
•  Earth Observation Systems
•  Knowledge Management
•  Embedded, Safety Critical & On-Board Software
•  Virtual Environments & HMI
•  Robotic Systems
•  Operations and Training
•  Scientific & Engineering Services

RESEARCH
In order to continue to maintain our technological advantages we invest in research and technology development. As a focal point for this we have established an avionics and robotics laboratory as well as a virtual environment and human machine interfaces laboratory. In 2015 our 20m2 clean room will be inaugurated.

We are mainly involved in ITEA (software intensive systems & services) and EC H2020 research:
•  Leadership in Industrial and Enabling Technology (ICT, SPACE)
•  Excellent Science (Marie Curie, FET, European Research Infrastructures)
•  Societal Challenges (HEALTH, TRANSPORT, ENVIRONMENT, BLUE GROWTH, SECURITY).

OUR WEBSITES:
•  www.spaceapplications.com
•  www.icecubesservice.com Victor Noble Associates is a leading global Financial Services, Digital, Data Science  & IT Recruitment Consultancy specialising in the supply of high calibre permanent, contract and temporary staff to work within Banking (Retail & Investment), Asset / Alternative Investment Management, Private Equity, Insurance, Consultancy and Trading and Risk Systems. 

At Victor Noble we take time to get to know our clients and candidates to understand their objectives. We want your experience with us to be personal, positive and professional so you will want to recommend us to your friends and colleagues.

We match the best talent with the best opportunities using best practices Kickstarting healthcare conversations.

PharmaTimes Magazine is the leading pharmaceutical magazine for senior decision makers in the pharma and healthcare industries. It is recognised for its wide-ranging coverage of the key developments facing this fast-paced sector, and its analytical, independent content. 

PharmaTimes Magazine has a dedicated staff of writers and editors who have many yearsâ€™ experience in writing and editing copy for pharma and healthcare readers in national newspapers, magazines and online.

PharmaTimes Magazine readers range from pharmaceutical executives, to healthcare professionals (chief pharmacists, medicines management, academic health science networks and NHS commissioners), to government ministers.

Available in print and digital versions, on Newsstand and Google Play.

PharmaTimes Magazine has the highest number of reader requested copies in the industry:

TOTAL CIRCULATION 23,184*
PRINT 11,793*
DIGITAL 20,351*
READERSHIP 42,500**
incl. c8,000 NHS payers

PharmaTimes Competitions provide business partners and sponsors with unique access to senior decision makers, in order to gain real insight into the business challenges faced by pharma customers. This allows partners and sponsors the opportunity to build relationships and formulate service offerings around customer needs.

*based on PharmaTimes circulation data for June 2014
**based on PharmaTimes web-based survey of 283 readers carried out between September and October 2011. Getron is a Prescriptive Analytics & Intelligence oriented company. We utilize artificial intelligence in product management across a variety of industries.

Our innovative digital assistant Getron Advisor is driven by machine learning algorithms, developed by highly skilled PhD-level data scientists and big data developers.

We are committed to generating intelligent recommendations via a ready-to-operate platform, bypassing the need for long running Big Data projects and IT involvement.

We are a Microsoft Gold Certified Software Development Partner and have extensive experience in distributed cloud computing and data science application.

Getron is a member of the International Institute of Forecasters (IIF) and the European Society for Fuzzy Logic and Technology (EUSFLAT). A Data Science company specialized in Business Intelligence, Advanced Analytics and Artificial Intelligence.

With strong expertise in a wide range of industries, from financial services to telecom, contact center or retail, Closer comprises a multidisciplinary team of seasoned physicists, mathematicians, computing experts, engineers and business graduates.

The commitment to R&D led Closer cooperate with top universities in academic essays and actively participate in major international conferences, giving voice to the mission: “To Challenge Complexity“. Penfield Search Partners Ltd. is an executive recruiting firm dedicated to personalized recruitment services; specializing in three specific areas:

~ Property and Casualty Insurance
~ Pharmaceutical, Biotech and Life Sciences
~ Information Technology

Our Insurance principals, Karen McCorkindale, Andy Davis and Sean deGroot have recruited together for nearly two decades; our Pharmaceutical and Life Sciences practice is headed by principals Kyle Diamond, Kevin McGrath, and Barbara Day with over 35 years of combined industry expertise. 

Property and Casualty Insurance - Our relationships include carriers, retail and wholesale brokers, corporate risk buyers and consultants, as well as reinsurance entities. In addition to our broad capabilities, we are recognized as the “go to” firm in the management and professional liability niche markets. Collectively, our team possesses over 80 years of experience with an outstanding referral to placement ratio.

Pharmaceutical, Biotech and Life Sciences – Our relationships include many of the leading pharmaceutical and biotech companies nationwide.  Our strength is our niche expertise in sales analytics, marketing sciences, forecasting, market research, marketing, health economics, outcomes research, clinical statistical programming, biostatistics, and market access.  We are a seasoned team of specialists with knowledge of the influencers, thought leaders and decision makers in the industry.


INSURANCE 
Property and Casualty, Risk Management, Underwriting, Brokerage, D&O and E&O

PHARMACEUTICAL
Commercial - Market Research, Marketing, Marketing Science, Sales Analytics, Forecasting	
HEOR – Real World Evidence, Outcomes Research, Field Outcomes, Market Access
Programming – Statistical Programming, Data Standards, Database Programming
Statistics – Biostatistics, Pre-clinical/Discovery, Manufacturing

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Commercial IT, Business Intelligence, Data Management, Infrastructure Managemen Connect with us. Like and follow MIMOS @ Facebook & Twitter /mimosmalaysia

MIMOS is Malaysia’s forefront technology provider in Information and Communications Technology, Industrial Electronics Technology and Nano-Semiconductor Technology.  As a strategic agency under the Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation (MOSTI), MIMOS contributes to raising Malaysia's competitiveness by pioneering market creation for Malaysian technopreneurs through patentable technology platforms, products and solutions. Over the past 10 years, MIMOS has filed more than 900 Intellectual Properties in various technology domains and across key socio-economic areas. Serving a central role in Malaysia’s transformation journey and ICT Vision, MIMOS endeavours to create a culture of innovation by nurturing relationships with internal and external stakeholders, in the spirit of smart partnerships and inclusive growth models and strategies.  To learn more about MIMOS, please visit www.mimos.my Nuspire is a state-of-the-science managed network security service provider with more than a decade of industry experience providing services for some of the largest and most distinctive companies in the world. Nuspire is a true managed service provider that has moved beyond simple firewall maintenance and IDS monitoring to take responsibility for customer networks by using powerful custom built: management and monitoring tools, IPS, in-line AV and anti-spyware, URL filtering, and content aware firewalling. Either delivered "​in the cloud"​ or enforced with customer premise equipment, Nuspire provides a comprehensive suite of services focused to meet the needs of organizations with a geographically diverse footprint:

- Network Management & Security Services: Network | Gateway | SaaS | Wireless | Desktop
- Technical Assistance Center (TAC)
- State of the Art Network Operations Center (NOC)
- Internet Transport Services
- Global Onsite Installation, Integration, Break Fix & Warranty
- Executive Consulting Services | Application & Systems Development | Technical Consulting


Nuspire Networks will work shoulder-to-shoulder with you to set up a comprehensive solution, ensuring full-time, Network, Security and Data Asset management, enabling you to focus on your core business. Security as a service has never made more sense. Adastra provides world-class Big Data & Analytics, Business Intelligence, Data Integration, Data Quality, Data Warehousing, Data Governance, and Master Data Management services, solutions, and software to companies around the globe and across industries. For more than twenty years, Adastra has been helping business and technology work together to protect existing data investments and unlock their business value using the most advanced tools, technologies, and methodologies available. Intelligent solutions for superior performance.

Adastra Group is a family of companies dedicated to Information Management and Business Consulting:
- Adastra: Information Management solutions and services, leveraging cutting-edge methodologies, experience across industries, technology partnerships, and a team of dedicated and experienced professionals
- ABC Adastra Business Consulting: Strategic advisory services on risk management, fraud prevention, collections & recovery, marketing and pricing strategies, value based management and controlling
- Ataccama: Cutting-edge Data Quality Management, Master Data Management and Data Governance software
- Adastra One: Mobile apps for better business outcomes
- Instarea: Solutions for expense management, analytics, and campaign management
- Acamar Staffing: Specialized staffing agency for Information Management placement
- Adastra Academy: Training on the latest Big Data technologies for individuals and teams

Why do business with Adastra?

- Business solutions and software with workable technical designs
- A seasoned and experienced team of professionals
- Fast, tangible results with demonstrable return on investment
- Technologically superior solutions, scalable to grow with you
- Proven methodologies and effective project management
- Solutions that maximize and enhance existing technology investments
- Hundreds of satisfied clients PlusOneMinusOne Software and Consulting Inc. is an internationally operating company that provides optimization and predictive analytics software for the ATM market targeting banks, ATM ISOs and IADs. 

Bringing a decade of Operations Research and Data Science expertise, our primary differentiation is a deep, yet diverse offering across many facets of ATM and Branch cash replenishment processes targeting the reduction of Total Cost of Ownership (TCO).

Simply stated, we are the trusted experts for solving one of the most crucial challenges of the ATM industry, no matter how complex – get you results quickly by combining our focus, flexibility and responsiveness — Problem Understood and Solution Delivered!
 Our Vision:
To transform businesses through the relationships we build, innovation we foster, solutions we deliver, and value we bring.

At Unify, relationships are at the center of everything we do – our relationship with and between consultants, and our relationships with our clients. If we don’t have great relationships, there’s no way we can continue doing what we do best – advise and assist our clients in realizing their purpose.

Our consultants come first.
That means we operate, first and foremost, with them in mind. Their goals, their ambitions, and voices are encouraged, heard and regarded. Our culture is low in hierarchy and high in entrepreneurial thinking and acting. Venari Partners is a market leading Strategy and Commercial executive search firm. We assist clients globally to hire the best available Strategy and Commercial talent. Whether you be a client or a candidate, we believe that you should receive an honest, tailored and consultative service from a market expert, who is passionate about what they do.

We employ industry specialists; the best Strategy and Commercial search consultants in their chosen sectors. We do not profess to be able to source candidates across every sector and functional discipline. Instead we operate in niche markets where our industry knowledge, extensive networks and passion for these sectors ensure we are a market leader. If we cannot provide a world class service, we would rather not provide a service at all. 

To offer a truly exceptional service to our clients and candidates we must know our industry and functional disciplines better than our competitors. By doing so we are often able to work faster, more proactively and with greater accuracy than the competition.

Where we Operate - Corporate Strategy and Business Planning, Chief Commercial Oﬃcers, Revenue Management and Pricing, Mergers & Acquisitions, Customer Strategy and Insights, Loyalty, Corporate Ventures and Investor Relations, Network, Planning and Scheduling, Business Intelligence, Strategic Alliances and Partnerships, E-commerce and Distribution Strategy, MBA talent, Data Analytics, Data Science At Connective DX we design and build great digital experiences. 

Connective DX is a digital experience agency that helps organizations embrace the power of digital, align around the customer, and take control of their future. We partner with our clients to see their business from the outside in, and we build that insight into the systems we develop and stories we tell. 

Founded in 1997, Connective DX serves organizations globally from our offices in Portland, OR and Boston, MA. Clients include BMC Software, Oregon Health & Science University, Columbia Sportswear, Banner Bank, and KinderCare. 

In the last three years, the agency has grown to more than 80 full-time employees working at the intersection of design, content and technology. We are lucky to work with great client partners. We’re focused on growing a thriving business that offers our team and our clients a fast-paced, inspiring environment to imagine and build useful, delightful, digital experiences.

Paul and Jeff founded Connective DX on the values of transparency, honesty and humility—because that's how real change gets made. We work in open collaboration across disciplines and with our clients. We are driven to make something that makes a difference to our clients, their customers and our craft. The Connective DX team participates in community events, from hackathons to meetups, and speaks at conferences. 

We also host the Delight Conference, dedicated to brands and professionals that care about making experiences people love. The two-day event in Portland, Oregon, gathers leaders working at the intersection of business, design and technology in an intimate forum that encourages big ideas, interactive discussions and lasting connections. Tohoku University was established in 1907 as Japan’s third national university, and is proud to be ranked among its leading universities. The five main campuses are in Sendai city, built around the ancient site of Sendai’s Aoba Castle.

The university has 10 undergraduate schools, 17 graduate schools, 3 professional graduate schools and 6 research institutes. There are currently over seventeen thousand students enrolled at the university, with fifteen hundred of them international students from 83 countries around the world.

Tohoku University has a history of innovation and continues to lead in traditional fields of research in materials science, physics and chemistry. As a comprehensive research university, most academic fields of study can be taken including the liberal arts, engineering, medicine, and life sciences. Tohoku University is committed to contributing to its local and global communities, and encourages academic-industry-government cooperation to help strengthen and develop new areas of research.

For student:
Tohoku University Page
https://www.linkedin.com/edu/school/14352 Molecular Connections Private Limited is the pioneering In silico discovery services company founded by professionals with proven expertise in drug-discovery, biocuration, informatics and information technology. Is a leading supplier of manually curated databases and informatics solutions to major pharmaceuticals, high throughput data analysts and systems biology companies across the globe. Fusemachines is an Artificial Intelligence solutions and services provider that offers AI engineers to companies seeking to develop their capabilities in Big Data & Machine Learning. We help identify opportunities within an organization where AI can be best exploited. Our AI engineers augment the existing staff and our hands-on approach ensures success at all levels.

Founded in 2013, Fusemachines is a pioneer in the field of Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. Originating from the research of founder & CEO Sameer Maskey, a professor at Columbia University, Fusemachines’ mission is to put AI in everyone’s hands through education, software & services. The company has successfully provided its products and services to a myriad of industries. Elevano is a nationwide technology recruitment firm. Every aspect of our business is run with the mantra that people impact technology. We have taken great steps to shape our internal processes to leverage technology efficiency. We have implemented extensive custom automation to minimize redundant and mundane tasks. By doing this our recruiters can spend more time focusing in on high value tasks such as taking the time to find the best talent available.  

Our teams are centered around specific areas of specialization: 

- Data: 
Data Science, BI, Data Analyst, DBA, Reporting, SQL Developer

- Development: 
Front End Developer, Back End Developer, Full Stack Developer, Solutions Architect, Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence Developer, Platform Engineer, NLP Engineer, Computer Vision Engineer

- Infrastructure: 
DevOps Engineer, Network Engineer, Cloud Engineer, Cloud Developer, AWS Engineer, Build and Release Engineer, Site Reliability Engineer, Security Engineer, Security Analyst, Information Security Engineer

- Creative: 
Visual Designer, UX Designer, Information Architect, User Researcher, Interaction Designer, Prototyper, Usability Expert, UX Researcher, User Experience Architect, UI Designer

People. Impact. Technology.®
Elevano With Jaywing's heritage in data science, we deliver exceptional results, creating brilliant work that’s impossible to ignore across Marketing, Consulting and Technology. Discovery Logic, a Thomson Reuters business, "connects the dots" across scientific and business databases to inform R&D investment decisions, visualize trends, locate experts and evaluate project and portfolio performance. We specialize in mining and refining knowledge from large scientific databases and have a rich history of accomplishment, achieving new technical and scientific breakthroughs with virtually every project. 

Our latest data platform, ScienceWire® v3, combines Discovery Logic's search and data mining technology, advanced algorithms and inter-source linkages among real-time open-source and proprietary databases including cross-agency R&D grant data, patents, citations, journals and news. We maintain and update these databases, create and apply algorithms to extract and link information across the databases, and deliver custom solutions that allow clients to apply the data to address their business needs. 

Discovery Logic is agile, flexible, fast, and open to new challenges. We maintain an open organizational structure and free flows of communication. We hire extraordinarily talented individuals and give them the freedom to innovate. We pursue new opportunities quickly, challenging ourselves and our clients to think boldly. Data for Good, inspired by DataKind.org, brings together leading data scientists with high impact social organizations through a comprehensive, collaborative approach that leads to shared insights, greater understanding, and positive action through "data in the service of humanity".

DataKind.org leads a community of pioneering data scientists with the talent, commitment, and energy to open doors & inspire a new way of using the skills and tools of corporations & governments, to meet the needs of the NFP/NGO and social innovation sector.

Data for Good is the Canadian voice for data scientists with a conscience. We have a desire to stay at the forefront of technological innovation & positive social change in everything we do. Data Cubed, Inc. (D3), formerly known as Human Project Inc., will transform our understanding of being human. 

D3 is a life-sciences tech company building better societies through better data. Our solutions and services are a catalyst for change and offer behavioral nudges and inform the greater healthcare community about treatments and wellness with unprecedented precision.  D3, together with its partners and clients, are creating a new future of big data; fundamentally improving the human condition.

Our Platform as a Service (PaaS) is a next-gen mHealth data capture tools that unlocks the power of clinical trials with low-cost practical solutions with more actionable data.  New York University (NYU) is using our mHealth platform to build a ground-breaking database.  See what we can do for you!

Our future isn't improving genomics but improving phenomic info...and our cross-platform App, unique hardware solutions and data analysis approaches will save you money and simplify any clinical study, leading to actionable data & findings.  

'Deep phenotyping' was developed initially as a large-scale research database—included literally all the major academic leaders in American biology, psychology, economics, neuroscience and sociology.  D3 is powering The Human Project at NYU to build the first ever research database based on a study of 10,000 fully-representative New Yorker's, collecting nearly 500 data points, every day, every year for 20 years.  D3 and NYU, together, are leading the way to fund advanced science with strong commercial applications. 

Our mission is Better Data based on Better Science, yielding Better Analysis and Better Policy. We're a talented bunch of people seeking to unlock our human code, showing the connectedness to the physical world, unveiling all of the factors that make humans...human, and unleash the intrinsic value in doing so. 

For more info about our case study, visit the NYU research project at http://thehumanproject.org/ Data science is a hot topic right now - but what is the market like for data scientists in Singapore?

The Data Scientist is where you can find out.

We provide frequent updates about local data scientists and the  projects they are working on so you can get to know about real-world data science, here in Singapore.

So whether you are a data scientist yourself or just looking to hire one, come to thedatascientist.sg to keep up-to-date on this rapidly changing field. DCC Global products and services fall five main categories: Database Management (Individuals & Corporates), Homeland Security, Human Resources Services, finance solutions (credit and risk management), operations solutions (supply chain management) and sales and marketing solutions (Lead generation, social media and third-party information).

Business customers include retailers, insurance firms, healthcare providers, utilities, government agencies, as well as banks, credit unions, personal and specialty finance companies and other financial institutions. DCC sells businesses credit reports, analytics, demographic data, and software. 


Employees of a company or organization using The UIN services receive an account that is set up for them on the website. Current, and presumably, former employees can log on to The UIN at any time. Employees control access to their records by providing a requestor (employer, landlord, or social service agency, for instance) with their social security number and employer's name. 

DCC also helps in maintaining real time data of individuals and corporates along with identity verification, Receivables management, medical records or payments, residential or tenant history, educational verification, credit checks, motor vehicle records, criminal background information, recruiting services, human resource management and fraud & identity theft prevention. 

We continually strengthen our partnerships with communities, first responders, law enforcement and government agencies - at the state, local, tribal, federal and international levels. We are accelerating the deployment of science, technology, and innovation in order to make world more secure. And. we are becoming leaner, smarter, and more efficient, ensuring that every security resource is used as effectively as possible. 

Twitter: @dcc_corp, Email: dcc.global@aol.com / info@dcc-global.co Reply specialises in the design and implementation of solutions based on new communication channels and digital media. Through its network of specialist companies, Reply supports some of Europe’s leading industrial groups in Telco & Media, Industry & Services, Banks & Insurance, and Public Administration to define and develop business models, suited to the new paradigms of Big Data, Cloud Computing, Digital Media and the Internet of Things.

Data Reply GmbH, with sister companies in Italy and UK, is a fast growing consultancy based in Munich. It has its focus on open source Big Data Technologies (amongst others Spark, Kafka, Solr, Elasticsearch, NoSQL, Streaming), Data Science and the proprietary Big Data Solution Ab Initio. Data Reply is also a partner of Google and Cloudera with several certified consultants in these technologies.

For more information:
infodatareply@reply.de DSI is a pioneering biomedical research company focused on preclinical systems physiology and pharmacology. 

The recognized global leader in physiologic monitoring, DSI offers telemetry, instrumentation, and software and services that help advance science. DSI serves many industries including: Pharmaceuticals, Academia, Contract Research Organizations, Biological and Chemical Defense, the Medical Device Industry, Government, and Biotechnology companies. We offer solutions that are tailored specifically to meet the unique research needs of our customers. Objective:

 We are a networking group for the practice of data science in the energy industry. We are an open forum for learning, educating, promoting, and best practices of data science in energy.   

Goals: 

Bring in speakers to talk about data science and energy, or the application of either to energy data science. 

Acquire datasets, related to energy, for the open use of data science.
 
Learn from peer presentations about code, techniques, presentation methods, data visualizations and other items related to the practice of energy data science. 

Create a fun atmosphere that encourages networking, support, advice, sharing, and promotion. Data Tomorrow is a data science solutions provider helping organizations with their data challenges and creating data-driven products for consumers and businesses.

Our solutions and services focus on: 
• Monetizing organization's data assets by discovering meaningful business insights 
• Creating and improving data-mining and statistical models 
• Discovering new business models and services

** Site launching mid-December ** Data Application Lab is the leading data science consulting and training company with unique expertise in big data and data science enterprise solutions. Solutions for all your data science needs!
Looking to hire a data scientist? Get the whole team instead
Our global selection of top experts will solve any data science challenges for you.

Our services:
As our client, you will get "turn-key"​ solution that satisfies your needs, i.e. exact answers to your questions, insights to increase performance, etc.
We are able to complete any and all parts of data science projects which need to be done, including

Data scraping
Data mining

Data cleaning
Data wrangling

Exploratory data analysis

Statistical Modeling 
Machine Learning

Data Visualization 
Interpreting
Reporting

Custom solutions

Contact us: hello@DataScientist.agency Data-Mania equips working professionals and students with the data skills they need to stay competitive in today's data driven economy.

At Data-Mania, we're cultivating a global community of individuals who are empowered to generate data-informed insights that advance progress in the fields they love. We do this by offering in-house training, online courses, workshops, and other exceptional educational materials on data science and analytics.

Established in 2013, Data-Mania is an educational outlet that transforms professionals and students into analytical problem solvers through education in data science. How do you stand out in the crowd when 3000+ new mobile apps are launched daily on the App Store?

How can your potential users find your application among 2,500,000+ apps in both Apple App Store and Google Play Store?           

>> Find out right away! Get the ASO report of your app with personalized, recommended and actionable actions that will improve your app's discoverability. 

-------

AppTweak is an App Store Optimization (ASO) tool driven by Data Science that empowers app marketers and developers to improve their store visibility, increase app rankings and drive organic downloads. 

Focused on data accuracy, AppTweak helps you build and manage your global ASO strategy on the long run. The platform provides personalized and easily understandable ASO Reports with actionable recommendations for each app’s metadata. 

AppTweak also offers a powerful multilingual Keyword Intelligence Tool and a unique Search Ads Intelligence Dashboard allowing users to audit, optimize and monitor both organic and paid keyword performance over time and across countries. 

All features have been built to facilitate competition comparison in order to effectively outrank your competitors’ App Marketing strategy. Our insightful data in the Analytics section will help you keep track of your app’s global growth.  

Our strong expertise in ASO and our powerful technology guarantee successful results and a major increase in organic app users.

-------

Try AppTweak for free! You can start a 7-day free trial now or schedule a demo on www.apptweak.com.  Data Reply is a company inside Reply Group specialized in data management with Big Data & Advanced Analytics methodologies to enable the enhancement the organization's information assets.
Data Reply is the system integrator with the largest number of Big Data environments in production in Italy. His strong partnerships focused on Hadoop  ecosystem and a team of Big Data engineers  and Data Scientist are the landmark for customers looking to adopt Big Data technologies and catch the growth opportunities that these technologies can achieve.
The main distinguishing factors that facilitate and support the growth of the team Data Reply, are definitely the strong and continuous commitment to experimentation.

Data Reply is constantly seeking for young talents and if you are skilled in IT or statistical sciences, if you feel motivated, engaged, creative and performance-driven, you have high expectations for yourself and for your colleagues and you feel good working in a dynamic, fast growing environment which rewards failures because hardly convinced If you’re not failing you’re not trying hard enough, please meet with us. We like hiring people who are better than we are and help them become superstars, never being afraid of being outshined by someone on our team because his success will reflect favorably on our global results.  The Data Guild is a data product studio based in Palo Alto, California. Founded by three seasoned data entrepreneurs, we create data­driven solutions that serve our clients’ highest strategic priorities. We’re on a mission to use data to impact the world. Consider us your strategic partner throughout the design and development of compelling data products.
Who We Are
We’re over two dozen creative professionals whose backgrounds span computer science, machine learning, statistics, engineering, design, and the social sciences. We value deep domain expertise along with the ability to think across boundaries and see connections to multiple domains. This ability to think both deeply and broadly about problems gives our teams a distinct advantage in formulating and delivering solutions. When we apply this diversity of experience and perspective on projects, the results always exceed expectations.
We love bringing ideas to life through product. We have developed analytic products leveraging data at all scales. Our experience has been honed through work with our clients and the development of successful product companies.

We offer a variety of ways to collaborate. We take a design thinking approach to our engagements that puts users at the center of our process. We work closely with client teams to co­create solutions, from brainstorming data product ideas and collection strategies to building prototypes. For some clients, we act as an advanced R&D capability that can take on problems outside their current capabilities. For others, we work closely with internal groups as an expansion team and gradually transition our output to them. The MGH & BWH Center for Clinical Data Science was founded to build a smarter healthcare system that will change the way the world practices medicine. Our intimate knowledge of healthcare’s greatest challenges, decades of clinical experience and vast stores of biomedical data combined with the latest advances in cognitive computing will lead to new ways of detecting, diagnosing and treating disease. DRS develops information management solutions for companies who rely on significant volumes of data to satisfy business application and government regulatory reporting requirements. These solutions are  available as cross-industry Document Management Solutions and life science industry-specific Sampling and TMF Solutions. They can be implemented as full-circle suites; individual modules, on premise applications; SaaS; or as outsourced solutions using DRS'​ experienced professional services staff. At The Science of Digital , we believe that most, if not all, decisions should be based on data. Specifically in Digital Marketing, NO DECISION, should not based on data. Most organizations are used to use "some data" in media planning. Some other companies use data to optimize their "conversion funnel"... The fact is that ALL the process of Digital Advertising (from Ideation to sales, post sale, up sale and cross sale) CAN and SHOULD be Data Driven. At The Science of Digital we know how to manage a fully data driven Digital Marketing practice and we are ready to help you... Harnessing data and analytics across hardware, software, and biotech. Join us for the latest health, science and tech news and thinking from a transforming industry.   

GE Healthcare is the $18 billion healthcare business of GE (NYSE: GE). As a leading provider of medical imaging equipment, with a track record of more than 100 years in the industry and more than 50,000 employees across 100 countries, we transform healthcare by delivering better outcomes for providers and patients.
 The Holistic Partners is the premier technical staffing firm head quartered in the California. With 10+ years of experience in the technical staffing industry our team exclusively targets Applications, Data Science, Advanced Analytics, Technology Infrastructure, IT Security, and Engineering skillsets to support client needs across their enterprise. We provide technical staffing via Contract, Contract-to-Hire, Direct Placement, and/or Employer of Record Services to companies of all sizes.


As a technology agnostic provider we can help you hire both consultants and full time employees with a focus in the following technical staffing areas:

Applications:
.NET Developer | Architect | Business Analyst | ERP | Java Developer | Mobile Developer | PM | DBA | QA | Data Warehouse | ETL

Infrastructure:
Desktop Support | Helpdesk | IT Security | Server Administration | VoIP | Network Engineer | Storage | Systems Engineer | PM | NOC

Advanced Analytics:
Predictive Analytics | Data Science | Machine Learning | Descriptive Analytics | Visualization Tools | Customer Analytics | BI-Reporting

Engineering:
Chemical | Controls | Automation | Industrial | Six Sigma | Process | CAD | Quality | Supply Chain | Manufacturing | Electrical | Design

Welcome to Holistic Partners at www.holistic-partners.com Quatrro Analytics is an Analytics & Data Science solutions company working with organizations of varying sizes and analytic maturity from all over the globe and across different industries, including but not limited to, Banking, Insurance, other Financial Services, Retail and E-commerce, and Telecom. We do advance analytics across business functions like risk management, marketing, customer portfolio management, supply chain & inventory management among others. Our solutions help clients make smart, analytics-powered decisions by unearthing actionable insights and predictions from data.

The most important enablers of our Data Science solutions and services are our deep, and broad set of technical expertise (across Statistics, Machine Learning, and Data Management at any scale), and requisite domain knowledge. We blend this technical capability with our consultative approach and ability to conceptualize, design, and execute appropriate data-analytic solutions to address any business objective of our clients. Source Alliance Network (SAN) brings multiple points of supply chain compliance, optimization, and management together with expert market intelligence and information technology. Our cutting-edge, Web-based solution, ONESOURCE, allows us to provide fully customizable deployment, implementation, execution, and management solutions for FTL, LTL, ocean, air freight, and parcel. ONESOURCE allows you to connect instantly with carriers, view and analyze up-to-date data, and receive real-time rates for every shipment in your supply chain. 

Customizable solutions for FTL, LTL, ocean, air freight, and parcel shipments include: routing guide and freight optimization, customized rate optimization, freight brokering, freight spend management, and Web-based multimodal transportation management system (TMS), ONESOURCE, and shipping solutions for the healthcare, life science, and food manufacturing industries.

SAN's Web-based transportation management system, ONESOURCE, puts SAN's national network of of pre-qualified, reliable carriers at your fingertips. Watch a free video demo at: http://sourcealliance.net/video/. 2DA is a software company and analytics lab focused on developing decision support solutions for commodity supply & trading businesses.  

Solving the problem of how to efficiently move products whose value changes over time and distance requires both science and art.  At 2DA we are obsessed with exploring the intersection of analytics and design.  

The company mission is to bring together diverse sets of skills and thinking to create simple, yet powerful tools. 

2DA is building a future where our users will have an intimate view of their assets and markets.  Not only to understand what happened, but to create insight on what will happen.

Our goal is to help our customers confront the distance between routine and exceptional in managing their business. Here at Smart Data Science (SDS), we deliver smarter results for a Big Data world.   We apply the innovations in big data, artificial intelligence, advanced analytics, social, cloud, mobile and Internet of Things (IoT) technologies to deliver smarter results for our customers. 

Based in New York, our industry expertise includes government and enterprise sectors.  We have particular skills and experience in areas such as leveraging data to make our customers more resilient, productive and competitive. 

Our digital risk platform (called ResilienceMap), helps governments & their partners better understand, communicate and reduce risk from natural disasters, climate change, protracted crisis and other complex hazards. We are business process and software consulting experts, specializing in Odoo ERP & HCM/Talent Management solutions for many industries and small to global corporations.

SPECIALITIES
* Odoo ERP implementation & consulting: Supply-chain, Inventory, Purchasing, Sales, CRM, Retail, e-Commerce, Manufacturing MRP.
* Human Capital Management/Talent Management implementation & consulting: Recruiting, Performance Management, Compensation.
* System & data integrations.
* Business Intelligence, Report and Analytics.

Visit vayam-llc.com for more details! Flowcast optimizes cash flow using data science. We empower finance organizations with new ways to reduce cash conversion cycle, optimize credit/collections efforts, and enhance cash flow forecasting. Our advanced analytics solution can find patterns in customer and supplier behaviors from structured and unstructured data that can unlock true cash opportunities. ThroughPut is Automating Data Science to help businesses run better.  ThroughPut is a supply chain solutions company that rapidly identifies costly supply-chain bottlenecks and empowers customers to take remedial action. The API-powered Artificial Intelligence SaaS platform is scalable, flexible, and industry-agnostic. ThroughPut enables the next generation of supply chain talent to transform your future business success.

Global Supply Chain Problem :
Everyday, 60 million people have trouble prioritizing tasks based on financial gain in the 40 trillion USD global supply chain industry. This is because they lack manpower, knowledge, and the right tool sets. According to The Leadership Network, a 61% talent shortage already exists in the middle-management decision-making space. Additionally, 80% of companies are looking towards automated solutions that:
• Expedite decision-making
• Continuously improve profit margins
• Eliminate real-time bottlenecks

Customer Benefits:
ThroughPut software helps the following stakeholders in your organization’s value chain:
• Supply Chain Decision Makers: 100x faster problem identification to focus on actions
• Financial Controllers: Upto 15% reduction in logistics, storage, and inventory costs
• Data Scientists & IT: Allows rapid testing of data-driven cost saving initiatives

Vision:
Google instantly finds answers. ThroughPut instantly finds problems.
One day, supply chain decision makers will ThroughPut before they Google.



Technology Differentiation:
• Advanced statistics-powered platform with artificial neural network capabilities
• Integrates with any data file storage system (From Excel to ERPs)
• Provides recommendations within 95% confidence
• Automates proven supply chain methodologies used by Fortune 100 Supply Chains

To learn more about us visit https://www.throughput.world or sign-up for our Beta at thoughput.world/signup 3D Search, Inc. is a boutique staffing firm focused on providing our Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology clients with the best possible talent to help them achieve success. 

 Our 3D philosophy is more than a creative catch phrase: Discovering Talent, Developing Relationships, and Delivering Results is the mantra that drives our organization.

 Our clients range from Fortune 500 Pharmaceutical companies to Biotechnology start-ups, all requiring the highest levels of talent to foster success within their organizations. We have the flexibility to work with our clients in a variety of ways: Contingency, Exclusive, or Retained search.

Specialties:Biostatistics, Clinical Operations, Clinical Science, Clinical Supplies, Data Management, Demand Planning, E Commerce, Forecasting, Health Economics & Outcomes Research, Inventory Control, Logistics, Medical Affairs, Medical Directors, Medical Writing, Pharmacovigilance & Drug Safety, Procurement, Production Planning, Program & Project Management, Quality Assurance, Quality Control, Regional Monitoring, Regulatory Affairs, and Supply Chain Management EMERGING optimizes restaurant and entertainment concepts for sustainable growth and profitability.

Emerging is a family of companies that elevate restaurant and entertainment concepts to be among the top in the industry. We provide the most valuable resources to today’s emerging operators and concepts.

Our seasoned leaders focus on deploying their experiences to elevate restaurant and entertainment concepts. We know what it takes to build the right relationships to execute at the highest levels. Emerging is a strategic partner.  We provide the highest and most valuable resources to today’s emerging operators and concepts.  

Resources include real estate, capital, supply chain, data science, and staff education & motivation technology. BlockRx™ is a series of initiatives by iSolve which leverages the Blockchain and iSolve’s Advanced Digital Ledger Technology™ (ADLT™). The platform is a comprehensive solution to fully integrate Life Science Researchers, BioPharma, Medical Device Manufactures and Healthcare Providers to improve patient outcomes.

The goal for BlockRx™ is to interconnect system that do not readily communicate with each other and create data provenance that satisfies regulatory and business requirements. By focusing on creating a network of Trusted Partners that are incentivized. BlockRx™ provides the solutions for facilitating the transfer of information.
 JRR TEKSERVE INDIA PVT LTD started operations in 2010 at Bangalore, India is a leading provider of Product and Service Data Cataloguing, Plant Maintenance and ERP Consulting. 
By Providing data standardisation and cataloguing services for Industrial Spare parts and Materials, Plant Maintenance, Healthcare, Retail, Pharma, Clinical, Life science, Spend analysis and strategic sourcing, We Help our clients to enhance their efficiency in Value Engineering, Plant Machinery Reliability, Purchase, E-Commerce, Warehouse, Demand, Inventory, Supply chain management, and Spend Management. Defour Analytics is the first company in India provides Industry Focused Business/Data Analytics Consulting, Products & Solutions and Supervised Training Programs to help their clients in achieving Operational Excellence. Through deep Industry domain knowledge insights consults and provide best matching Data Analytical Tools, Technology and Solution as per problem scenario to the clients.

Specialized Industry Domains:-
Oil & Gas / Refinery / Petrochemicals
Power Generation, Distribution and Utilities
Renewable Energy
Manufacturing
Automobiles
Pharmaceuticals
Chemical
Supply Chain
Asset Management

Analytics is emerging as the most critical business opportunity within the space that is offered by technology. It is transforming business with its ability to explore new opportunities and by achieving operational excellence through smart decision making.

Defour Analytics believe, data has lot to say but we need to train our eyes to interpret it. But data needs appropriate transformation to simplify discovery. Interpretation and communication of meaningful patterns in data is called Analytics. Interestingly, right time for a decision is a mystery which is wrapped in our conscious experience of things. The quantitative behaviour of time, which is often considered as the fourth dimension, plays a key role in the decision science around physical laws and theories. Defour efforts to deliver right decision at right time will make the context of reactive decision-making a history through our new venture on fourth dimension analytics as “Defour Analytics”.
 The Centre for Marketing Analytics and Forecasting (CMAF) at Lancaster University Management School is a pioneering centre for fundamental and applied research, leading knowledge exchange between academia and business.

Our mission is to advance the practice and research foundations of Marketing Analytics and Forecasting, by developing innovative approaches, and a programme of dissemination of best practices through the introduction of new methods, processes and systems. 
 GCE Consulting  (“Global Chinese Elite” Consulting) & Big Data Elite Asia has its vision to be a trusted partner of Chinese enterprises in their journey of strategy and digital transformation. It's mission is to help enterprises nurturing Chinese elites with international insights and capabilities.

GCE Consulting offers advisory and training services to companies in Asia in the following 4 areas:

1) Big Data
2) Digital Transformation
3) Financial Technologies
4) Strategy

Founder:  DR. LAWRENCE WONG
DBA, MBA, MSc (eCommerce), BSc (Statistics & Computer Science), FCCA, FHKICPA, MHKCS, HKiNED, HKBAA, HKU ICB Adjunct Lecturer

Dr. Lawrence Wong is a Data Scientist and fellow CPA with 30 years’ experience in the world’s leading consulting firms (Accenture, KPMG, Deloitte) and listed conglomerates (PCCW, Hutchison). He has a wealth of practical experience in information technology and finance, customer relationship management, human resources, sales & marketing, supply chain management.
 
Currently, Dr. Wong is a managing partner of GCE Consulting & Big Data Elite Asia and independent non-executive director (INED) & audit committee chairman of Autotoll Limited.   He focuses to provide advisory and training services to enterprises on Strategy, Management, Big Data, Digital Transformation and Financial Technology. I-Plan helps large process manufacturing companies, particularly in paper and non-wovens, to become more efficient in their operations, more responsive to customer demand and better able to focus-in on strategic opportunities.

I-Plan is an integrated business planning system which sits on top of ERP and other business systems. It helps you forecast market demand with far greater accuracy; schedule production more efficiently; control inventories more tightly and give executives the information they need to increase overall profitability while following strategic goals.

More specifically, I-Plan is being used by market leading manufacturers to deliver projects around:
- Sales and Operations Planning
- Available to Promise
- Collaborative Forecasting
- Vendor Managed Inventory

I-Plan includes separate modules for:
- Collaborative statistical forecasting
- Supply network optimisation
- Production schedule optimisation
- Replenishment planning and optimisation
- Analytics

I-Plan is typically rolled out in a fraction the time of ERP systems and often delivers the first demonstrable results in supply-chain transformation projects. It includes rich functionality to integrate and share data with existing and new business systems. It is supported by our team of specialists and a global network of partners.

If you would like to find out more about I-Plan and the organisations which are already using it, please visit www.iplansoftware.com or call us on +44 1926 623225. Viewpoint Health is a professional services firm focused on asset-based strategy and economic consulting services and solutions to Life Sciences companies and law firms with a dedication to data science as a core methodology.  The organization is a boutique who has assisted clients on numerous matters regarding pricing, valuation, compliance, and commercial / operational strategy.  

Viewpoint's Life Sciences' clients include many of the largest major global pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device manufacturers, as well as numerous earlier stage specialty companies developing innovations in the health care market.

The interdisciplinary staff and affiliates consist of professionals with advanced degrees in economics, statistics, public health, technology and business administration. The team is comprised of industry veterans with extensive experience in compliance, data science, operations and risk management. 

The mission of Viewpoint Health is to revolutionize how clients utilize data to improve decision making across the Commercial Operations, Compliance, Clinical / R&D / Medical, Supply Chain and Business Development areas of an organization.  Target practices at Viewpoint include Advanced Analytics, Damages & Litigation, Disclosure & Transparency, Health Economics and Outcome Research (HEOR), Market Access & Pricing and Valuation.  The approach is distinguished by integrating data science capabilities across the core focus areas to assist clients with developing strategy, creating value, and mitigating risk. OUR STORY
The need for a competitive advantage driven by advanced analytics has become acute in recent years – companies that fail to transform into ‘data-driven companies’ become inferior compared to ones that excel in the field. The challenge facing companies seeking to integrate advanced analytics has to do with the high costs, long development time, and temporary relevance that go along with building and continuously maintaining advanced analytical models. The quintessential underlying factor behind these is the global shortage of skilled data scientists, as well as the resources required to hire competent ones.
OUR VISION
Shoodoo makes it possible for all organizations to gain access to the world’s best data scientists and analytical models, at a cost that is substantially lower than existing solutions, integrated comfortably into operational and managerial processes, while being committed to consistent high-quality predictions.
TECHNOLOGY
Shoodoo Analytics’ technology combines several advanced machine learning concepts into a versatile, robust, and comprehensive solution. The ability to build a high-quality predictive model using a frictionless, minimal onboarding process, quickly and affordable, while being guaranteed that the model would remain continuously relevant, and avoid data leakage and concept drifting, is unique and powerful. It is this ability that will allow an increasing number of businesses to adopt advanced analytics, and enable Shoodoo’s solution to become an industry standard. Clark College is the second-largest community/technical college in Washington state, serving up to 12,000 students per quarter in highly respected programs including Addiction Counselor Education, Automotive Technology, Computer Science, Culinary (Cuisine and Baking), Data Networks, Dental Hygiene, Engineering, Machining, Mechatronics, Nursing, Pharmacy Technician, Phlebotomy, and Welding, among others. In addition to our technical programs, Clark offers exceptional academic courses for students completing an associate degree. The college currently offers classes at two satellite locations, one on the Washington State University Vancouver campus, and one in the Columbia Tech Center in East Vancouver. Additionally, its non-credit Economic & Community Development program is housed in the Columbia Bank building in downtown Vancouver. PROS Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: PRO) is a cloud software company powering the shift to modern commerce by helping companies create personalized and frictionless buying experiences for their customers. Fueled by dynamic pricing science and machine learning, PROS solutions make it possible for companies to price, configure and sell their products and services in an omnichannel environment with speed, precision and consistency. Our customers, who are leaders in their markets, benefit from decades of data science expertise infused into our industry solutions. To learn more, visit pros.com.
 The Census Bureau serves as the leading source of quality data about the nation's people and economy. We have been headquartered in Suitland, Maryland since 1942, and currently employ about 4,285 staff members. We are part of the U.S. Department of Commerce and overseen by the Economics and Statistics Administration (ESA). We honor privacy, protect confidentiality, share our expertise globally, and conduct our work openly. We are guided on this mission by our strong and capable workforce, our readiness to innovate, and our abiding commitment to our customers.

View our privacy policy: http://go.usa.gov/xkeJw Publicis Touchpoint Solutions (Touchpoint) designs and implements customized healthcare sales, service, and communications teams. We listen to our clients and create cross-channel solutions that achieve their goals.  From in-field to inside and from promotional to clinical, our centers-of-excellence include field sales and service, live video detailing, inside credentialed sales specialists, inside sales and service, clinical health educators, and medical science liaisons. A wide range of vital support solutions—each of which serves all of the company’s message delivery channels—includes recruiting, training, performance management, operations, data/analytics, and compliance. Publicis Touchpoint Solutions provides the human touch to precision cross-channel messaging delivered at the right time and through the right channels to achieve maximum impact. Public Library of Science (PLOS) is a nonprofit publisher and advocacy organization with a commitment to transform scientific research communication with open data, open access, open thinking and an open work environment. When you join PLOS, you join a team that drives innovation and accelerates the pace of research. We make important science freely available to everyone as rapidly and as widely as possible, to advance society faster and to benefit society as a whole.  Marlabs helps drive digital agility for our clients. We deliver innovative business solutions using digital technologies such as cloud, mobile, analytics, Internet of Things, and social. With a dedicated team of over 3,000 associates, a network of delivery centers in USA, Canada, Mexico, and India, and strong partnerships with industry leaders, Marlabs offers a wide range of IT services across industries. Through our emphasis on quality driven by CMMi, PCMM, ISO 9001-2000, ISO 27001, and SSAE 16 Type II best practices and a customer- centric client engagement model, Marlabs has achieved a dependable track record of meeting high standards of excellence in every customer engagement. This has resulted in several awards and recognitions, including being consistently ranked as one of the best places to work in New Jersey. Marlabs is headquartered in New Jersey, United States.

Industries Served:
Healthcare, Life Sciences, BFSI, Airline Services, Energy and Utilities, Education, Retail, Media and Government

Technology Solutions:
Cloud Computing , Mobile, BI-Analytics, Microsoft, Java, IoT, Oracle, Java, SAP

Services:
Application Development and Maintenance, Cyber Security, Infrastructure Services, Testing, Packaged Implementation & Support, Product Engineering, Digital Asset Management.

Disclaimer:
This is the official LinkedIn page of Marlabs Inc. and is created and maintained by the Marlabs marketing team. Marlabs believes that the information contained in this page is authentic and accurate as of its publication date. However, such information is subject to change without notice and Marlabs shall not be liable for any loss resulting from reliance upon such information. At C-K, our mission is simple: Make friends, not ads®. It’s how we helped Porsche’s first luxury sedan—the Panamera— become a smashing success and helped catapult Corona Extra to America’s #1 import.
 
Our friend-making mindset not only drives our ideas, it also drives our structure. We’re built without silos or competing interests to truly tap into an ever-expanding range of disciplines, from advertising to SEM/SEO to social to analytics—whatever it takes to create compelling brand experiences. It has also fueled our growth, making C-K the nation’s second-largest independent ad agency and placing us among the top 20 advertising and digital firms in the country.
 
Headquartered in Chicago with offices in New York and Milwaukee, we represent major brands across virtually every industry, including The Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM), Benihana, BIC Razors, Cedar Fair Amusement Parks (Cedar Point, Knott’s Berry Farm and 10 others), Cintas, Corona Extra, Edward Jones, Nikon, Mercury Marine, Pacifico Beer, Paper and Packaging Board, Porsche, Roundy’s (Pick ‘n Save and Mariano’s) and Vitamix. We are all about outcome, not output. And our results prove it. For more information, visit C-K.com. Saama Technologies is the advanced data and analytics company delivering actionable business insights for life sciences and the Global 2000. We are singularly focused on driving fast, flexible, impactful business outcomes for our clients through data and analytics. Our unique “hybrid” approach integrates focused solutions and expertise across the life sciences domain, business consulting, data science, automated data management, and big data technologies. We integrate manual and disconnected initiatives into a well-aligned road map facilitating the client’s journey from strategy through solution implementation. Proven at the world’s most demanding customers, Guavus is at the forefront of streaming big data analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning innovation. Guavus processes half a trillion records every day for over 450 million individuals, enabling enterprises to analyze data the instant it’s captured, driving faster decision making, lower costs and higher growth.
 
The Guavus Reflex® analytics platform enables customers to gain a competitive edge by helping them put all their data to work to uncover new insights and make better quality and timely decisions.  Guavus provides big data analytics applications for systems planning and operations, mobile traffic analytics, marketing, customer care, security and IoT. Pivotal’s cloud native platform drives software innovation for many of the world’s most admired brands. With millions of developers in communities around the world, Pivotal technology touches billions of users every day. After shaping the software development culture of Silicon Valley's most valuable companies for over a decade, today Pivotal leads a global technology movement transforming how the world builds software. Interested in a quality, affordable liberal arts education that can launch your career? Want to live on a beautiful residential campus named one of the nation’s green colleges?  Eastern Connecticut State University attracts and welcomes a diverse community of learners who are supported by a teaching faculty, staff, administrators, and a residential campus that promotes intellectual curiosity, integrity, and social responsibility.

Independent of their majors and career aspirations, all Eastern students take a common Liberal Arts core curriculum. This curriculum is sequenced and interdisciplinary, offering students a broad range of theoretical approaches in a variety of active learning settings. Eastern’s programs prepare students for careers or advanced study while also providing them with the lifelong skills and confidence needed to succeed in a world of constant economic, social, and technological change.

At Eastern you will receive more personal attention from faculty and present more in class — even as a freshman — than students at large flagship institutions. Learn to write well, think critically, analyze data and draw conclusions. Develop your leadership skills as you learn to solve complex problems and make a difference on campus and beyond. Every day at Hunter International, we connect clients with the best and brightest talent in their industry. We provide leading organizations nationwide with recruiting solutions that ensure an efficient and timely hiring process. In addition, we seek to understand job seekers’ skills and accomplishments, forging a career path that will enable them to reach their professional goals.

Hunter International Recruiting is certified as a women’s business enterprise through the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC), the nation’s largest third party certifier of businesses owned and operated by women in the US.  We recognize the commitment to supplier diversity that is embraced by corporations and government agencies today, and we can add diversity to your supply chain.

Follow us on Twitter: @hirecruiting
Like us on Facebook: Hunter International
Follow us on Instagram: @hunterinternational Leader in Architecture, Engineering, Interiors, Planning and Consulting Services

Page is one of the most prolific and enduring architectural and engineering practices. A full-service design organization with offices in Houston, Austin, Dallas, Denver, San Francisco and Washington DC, along with international affiliate offices,Page provides architecture, interiors, consulting and engineering services throughout the United States and around the world. The firm’s diverse, international portfolio includes projects in the healthcare, academic, government and science and technology sectors, as well as civic, corporate and urban housing projects. With a staff of over 400 architects, engineers, designers, strategic analysts, planners and technical specialists, Page has the resources and professional affiliations to responsibly handle projects of all scales and schedules. 

To learn more about the firm, go to www.pagethink.com

For career opportunities log on at http://pagethink.com/v/career-opportunities/ Optymyze is revolutionizing the performance of salespeople with data science, process automation, enterprise planning, and advanced analytics. We do this by motivating people to achieve sales goals, efficiently managing sales operations, predicting the performance of each sales person, and forecasting sales results and the cost of sales. By enabling clients to rapidly and efficiently adapt to change, Optymyze turns sales operations into a strategic advantage. Our success has been recognized by Gartner as a Leader in sales performance management, by Ventana Research for innovations in sales operations management, and by Brandon Hall Group for advances in sales enablement. Through our unique consulting model providing an implementation-oriented partnership with clients, we offer consulting expertise across the full range of Healthcare IT vendor products and we deliver solutions specifically tailored to address the business needs of the healthcare IT industry. Founded in 1998, the company has a client roster that includes the nation’s most prominent Payer, Provider and Life Science organizations.

•	HCI-100 Top 100 Healthcare IT Companies by Healthcare Informatics Magazine
•	Great Places to Work the Minneapolis-St. Paul Business Journal 
•	INC5000 - by Inc. Magazine as one of the fastest-growing private companies in America 
•	FAST-50, Fastest growing private companies in Minnesota by the Minneapolis-St. Paul Business Journal Quantiphi is a category defining Data Science and Machine Learning software and services company focused on helping organizations translate the big promise of Big Data & Machine Learning technologies into quantifiable business impact. 
We were founded on the belief that machine learning and artificial intelligence are transformative technologies that will create the next quantum gain in customer experience and unit economics of businesses. Quantiphi helps clients find and capture hidden value from data through a unique blend of business acumen, big-data, machine learning and intuitive information design. Zeno Group is a global, integrated communications agency, born from PR. 

We pride ourselves on fierce creative grounded in research and insights to drive real impact for clients’ business. 

Our approach bridges the art of storytelling with the science of data analytics. Zeno researchers, planners, analysts and creatives -- in partnership with our client advocates -- harness information and human insights to make content of all formats work harder and more efficiently. With hybrid teams across consumer, corporate, health and technology, we make communications not just measurable, but optimized. And to get there, we are guided every day by our North Star –  Fearless Pursuit of the Unexpected.

Zeno Group is a DJE Holdings company. Sift Science is a hyper-growth Series C company that facilitates the largest trust network of online businesses and consumers on the internet.

The Sift Science Trust PlatformTM uses real-time machine learning to accurately predict which users businesses can trust, and which ones they can’t. The upshot? Consumers know which companies they can entrust with their personal and financial information. And businesses can customize each user's experience based on their trust score – which leads to more revenue, higher conversion rates, and less fraud and abuse. Try it for free or learn more at https://siftscience.com Women Who Code prepares this generation of women in tech to be tomorrow’s role models. This global nonprofit was founded as a community group in 2011 and has since grown to 137,000 members spanning 20 countries. 

WHAT WE DO: 
-Advance women in their careers, every step of the way
-Provide a community of 137,000 that has become a movement in technology leadership
-Build Global Leaders in Tech, effectively changing the industry 
-Offer low to no barrier-to-entry programs, events, scholarships and more for women to build tech and leadership skills 

Learn more and get involved at: www.womenwhocode.com or contact us at contact@womenwhocode.com Management Science Associates, Inc. is a diversified information management company that for over five decades has given market leaders the competitive edge in data management, advanced analytics and technology. Our research focus and innovative solutions not only transform industrial and institutional practices, they illuminate the range, reach and potential of what we can do to infuse your organization with new energy. Whether within a process, across the enterprise or throughout the supply chain, we help our partners put their data to work in powerful new ways.

Interested in a career with MSA?  Check out our job board:  https://msa.silkroad.com/epostings/ USM Business Systems is an industry-leading talent management firm, specializing in providing unique IT turnkey solutions, IT staffing solutions, and Talent management insights, enabling our clients to sustain a truly competitive advantage in this fast-moving environment. We are a project-driven firm that consistently meets the IT needs of our clients through innovation and business acumen. We are a CMMi Level 3 Organization.

USM Business Systems is a US certified Minority Business Enterprise (MBE) and is recognized as one of the fastest growing IT Systems Integrators in the Washington, DC area with offices throughout the US and offshore delivery centers in India. 

We firmly believe that the quality of people drives the success of any initiative. USM relentlessly focuses on providing absolutely the best people to lead and support your initiatives. Our extensive networking in the industry grants us unparalleled insight into the IT professionals, their goals and aspirations. We know where the best professionals are, who else is hiring and what makes a place great to work. What this means – you get the best qualified people and the best advice to plan, build and run your IT initiatives. Beyond Contract Research, NAMSA (www.namsa.com) is a medical research organization speeding product development for medical devices, IVDs, regenerative medicine and combination products.  NAMSA’s deep knowledge of science and regulation has been supporting medical product development for more than 45 years. 

Using its MRO® approach, NAMSA plays an important role in translational research, applying its unique combination of disciplines – regulatory, toxicology, microbiology, chemistry, preclinical, clinical and quality – to move client’s products “from bench to bedside” or from laboratory experiments through clinical trials to actual point-of-care patient applications more rapidly.  This combination of services goes beyond simply improving communication or utilizing a single data management system...NAMSA involves key staff at every stage to optimize strategies, ensure readiness for the next phase and flawlessly execute tasks throughout your product development effort. We’re building the platform that enables thousands of data scientists to develop better medicines, grow more productive crops, build better cars, or simply recommend the best song to play next.

Data scientists are being called upon to solve ever more complex problems across every facet of business and civil life. Domino allows them to develop and deploy ideas faster with collaborative, reusable, reproducible analysis.

Domino is backed by leading venture capital firms, including Coatue Management, Sequoia, Zetta Venture Partners, Bloomberg Beta, and In-Q-Tel. Envy Labs is an Orlando-based web consultancy that’s been building software since 2009. We’re a specialized, flexible team of experts that seek out hard web application problems to partner on.

Through our work in developer education and a desire to teach the technologies we employ, we've founded Code School (sold to Pluralsight in 2015) and IvyApp. Companies like Cisco and Booz Allen Hamilton have utilized our expertise to build their own learning platforms, training skills like networking and data science.

Each member of Envy Labs is senior level in their discipline and passionate to produce the best possible end product. We'd love to chat about your idea. Magenic is the digital technology consulting company built for speed. We have the right digital strategies, the right process, and the right people to get our clients digital products to market faster. Wolfram|Alpha's long-term goal is to make all systematic knowledge immediately computable and accessible to everyone. We aim to collect and curate all objective data; implement every known model, method, and algorithm; and make it possible to compute whatever can be computed about anything. Our goal is to build on the achievements of science and other systematizations of knowledge to provide a single source that can be relied on by everyone for definitive answers to factual queries. Osnabrück University, founded in 1974, is a young, vibrant university in northwest Germany that is renowned for its research and teaching in the areas of Humanities, Social Sciences, Science, Law and Business Administration/Economics. The University provides ideal conditions for about 13.500 students and PhD students to learn and conduct research. Both its structured PhD programs and modular degree programs feature high standards of quality; they are accredited, and lead to the conferral of internationally recognized degrees. The University attaches great importance to its relationships with international universities. International students and scholars are very welcome at Osnabrück.

Thinking beyond the borders of individual fields of expertise is fostered in the interdisciplinary institutes of Migration Research, Cognitive Science, Early Modern Intercultural Studies and Environmental Systems Research. Biology at Osnabrück is renowned both at home and abroad for its Collaborative Research Centre “Physiology and dynamics of cellular micro-compartments (CRC 944)”. The European Legal Studies Institute at Osnabrück University is one of Europe’s most important research facilities in the field of comparative law and the harmonization of law. Additional key areas are the prevention of occupational skin diseases and early childhood education and development. In 2011, the German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence established a branch office at Osnabrück University. A Fraunhofer research group explores the topics of e-learning and knowledge communication in combination with intelligent methods of data analysis.

Osnabrück University employs some 1,700 people, making it one of the largest employers in the region. When 179 million million loads and trucks are posted on your network of load boards, and $45 billion of freight bills are recorded in your truckload rate engine, there’s a reason the industry regards your super-database as “the truckload pricing index standard for the North American trucking market.”

In a time when rapid innovation challenges current business models, DAT has pushed its technology leadership forward while facilitating the relationships our industry is built on. DAT provides benchmarking, forecasting, and capacity planning that are critical to operational efficiency, plus decades of experience that give us a thorough understanding of the intricacies of the trucking industry. We have added a team of data science engineers to support our front-line data analytics group in revealing business-critical information and insights from the volumes of data available to us.

It’s all founded on two fundamentals: brokers need trucks, and carriers need loads. In 2016 DAT and Getloaded combined networks to create one super-database, the industry's largest and most diverse on-demand freight exchange for spot truckload freight. That alone boosted DAT’s available capacity by 36%. Since 2015, DAT has doubled the capacity of carriers available to load providers. These carriers represent north of 1.3 million trucks. The consolidation also enabled Getloaded’s broker customers to access 400% more truckloads. And all of these loads can be easily accessed from anywhere with the DAT Load Board for Truckers app.

DAT’s products include DAT Keypoint® transportation management software, DAT Fleet Compliance services, carrier monitoring and onboarding, truck and trailer tracking, and a comprehensive directory of companies with business history, credit, safety, insurance, and company reviews. Other, exciting new products are on the roadmap for 2017 and beyond.

The Original Load Board

The company was established in 1978 as the Dial-A-Truck (DAT) load finder service at Jubitz® truck stop in Portland, Oregon. Though the technology and delivery systems have changed greatly since that time, DAT remains the central marketplace where transportation professionals meet and transact business in the spot market. As a service to the industry, DAT provides data on trends, including a monthly spot market freight index and weekly Trendlines updates. Every day, transportation professionals depend on DAT to help their businesses operate more efficiently and profitably. BNBuilders is a West Coast general contractor that specializes in highly technical commercial construction projects. 

BNBuilders has the experience and strength of a large contractor, but provides the personal service and economy of a local builder. We deliver complex projects for world-class leaders in the life sciences, biotech, data center, healthcare, education and technology sectors. Our diverse portfolio also includes education, retail, hospitality, and commercial projects for Fortune 500 clients. 

BNBuilders is consistently at the forefront of new construction methodologies and best practices. We have key specialists in all areas of construction, including preconstruction, design-build, Integrated Project Delivery, LEAN, Building Information Modeling, and sustainability. Our firm is comprised of industry veterans with decades of experience, and diverse visionaries who push the limits to discover better solutions. 

As a progressive company, we have identified five corporate Initiatives that support our values:  Safety, Community, Innovation, Sustainability and Knowledge. Separately these initiatives define areas that are vital to our industry; together they form the core of our company.

BNBuilders consistently wins the Best Places to Work award in Seattle and San Diego.

Follow us here:
Twitter @BNBuilders and on Facebook at facebook.com/BNBuilders

Offices
Seattle  |  San Diego  |  Irvine Q² Solutions, a Quintiles Quest joint venture

Launched in 2015, Q² Solutions (pronounced ‘Q-squared’) is a leading global clinical trials laboratory services organization.  We help biopharmaceutical, medical device and diagnostics customers improve human health through innovation that transforms science and data into actionable medical insights. Q² Solutions is a quality driven, responsive partner with strong global experience and deep scientific and medical expertise.  The Q² Solutions joint venture was formed by Quintiles and Quest Diagnostics, combining the best of each parent organizations clinical trials laboratory services capabilities. 

To learn more about Q² Solutions, please visit our website. ZX Ventures is a global incubator and venture capital team funded by Anheuser-Busch InBev, the leading global brewer, to stimulate disruptive growth through brand, product and channel development. 

Our goal is to make products, services and technologies that bring people together to celebrate and share great times, and to offer the world what it hasn’t yet even imagined. ZX Ventures'​ unparalleled access to Anheuser-Busch InBev’s research, technology and distribution networks allows us to have a deep understanding of products and what the consumer wants, as well as to anticipate and meet what their needs will be in the future. 

ZX Ventures also seeks to develop partnerships with the best start-ups, entrepreneurs, designers and engineers to work together to launch big ideas in very meaningful ways. We make Big Data Management easy. Our solutions help you move, prepare and analyze your data more efficiently to streamline your operations, increase productivity and improve your decision making. Follow us for updates on Big Data, Data Management, Data Science, Innovation and Industry Best Practices. We focus on what is important and interesting in AI, Analytics, Big Data, Data Mining, Data Science, and Machine Learning.  Subscribe to our newsletter and follow us on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn.  CrediBLL is an artificial intelligence company that combines machine learning and human intelligence to simplify niche hiring. We are an AI-powered Job Search Marketplace for Machine Learning, Big Data, IoT, Design and Verification Engineers. 

We simplify the hiring process by making it fast and efficient. Our account managers understand that niche technology hiring can be complex and hence support employers with putting together very relevant dashboards of candidates. We closely review candidates and only a very select percent of candidates make it to the showcase. All employers are assigned dedicated account managers who assist you in every step of the way. 

All candidates on our marketplace are assigned a talent advocate who ensures you get where you want to be. We have employers compete to have you on board and let you take the lead when it comes to your career. BRUNNER operates at the confluence of Creativity, Data Science, and Technology. This means we understand the performance and business impact of our work across channels and media, while using an analytical approach to uncover innovative, creative insights that inform our creative process.

http://www.brunnerworks.com/
twitter.com/brunnerworks
https://www.facebook.com/brunnerworks
https://www.instagram.com/brunnerworks
https://www.youtube.com/user/Brunnerworks NOVO Construction brings a unique vision of quality to the construction industry- one that focuses not just on quality of work, but on quality of service and relationships. We are inspired by the notion that personal dedication to quality creates not only superior results, but successful, rock solid relationships.

NOVO Construction’s mission is to build long-term relationships with loyal customers. We would rather do a hundred projects for one customer than one project for a hundred customers. That is why the vast majority of our clients are repeat customers.  It is our goal to create success through our commitment to innovation, the strength of our team, and dedication to our customers.

www.novoconstruction.com Digital Reasoning is a leader in cognitive computing. We build software that understands human communication - in many languages, across many domains, and at enormous scale. We help people see the world more clearly so they can make a positive difference for humanity.
 
Synthesys, our award-winning cognitive computing platform, can rapidly read data from any source, resolve what’s valuable and what’s not, and reason using a dynamic knowledge graph, which helps enterprises, financial services institutions, government agencies and healthcare organizations reveal concealed relationships, risks and opportunities.
 
Digital Reasoning is headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee, with offices in Washington, D.C., New York and London. H2O.ai is focused on bringing AI and deep learning to businesses through software. Its flagship product is H2O, the leading open source platform that makes it easy for financial services, insurance and healthcare companies to deploy machine learning and predictive analytics to solve complex problems. More than 13,000+ organizations and 130,000+ data scientists depend on H2O for critical applications like predictive maintenance and operational intelligence. The company accelerates business transformation for 222 Fortune 500 enterprises, 8 of the world’s 12 largest banks, 7 of the 10 largest auto insurance companies and all 5 major telecommunications providers. Notable customers include Capital One, Progressive Insurance, Comcast, Nielsen Catalina Solutions, Macy's, Walgreens, and Kaiser Permanente.

Follow us on Twitter @h2oai

To learn more about H2O customer use cases, please visit http://www.h2o.ai/customers/  

Join our worldwide AI and deep learning community: https://www.meetup.com/topics/h2o/ Market Probe specializes in technology enabled business solutions that deliver Voice of Market Feedback to improve business operations.  Our Voice of Market approach includes the latest multi-channel customer experience management solutions, with a strong focus on feedback systems designed to the needs of front line managers and channel partners in Business to Business programs. 

Our research shows that good customer experiences elevate the value of the brand in a customer’s eyes, resulting in customers freely sharing their good experiences in social media and other personal channels. We have seen that this helps brands attract new customers, thus growing their business. To capture these combined benefits, Market Probe has defined a new construct - customer advocacy.  Advocacy drives loyalty and customer growth, making it the most powerful metric for a business to monitor.

Every customer experiences a progression of stages in their product ownership. Loyalty and advocacy have to be earned by a brand by providing good experiences to customers across their product ownership. Our comprehensive approach to business solutions includes capabilities such as data visualization, configurable dashboard modules, social media analytics, benchmarking, software based coding and text analytics. We harness these tools to deliver insights that reveal the impact of customer experiences on customer loyalty and advocacy, leading to business growth for our clients. Market Probe has particular expertise in helping clients migrate their programs from traditional tools to digital data collection platforms, with the appropriate calibrations that protect historical measurements. This helps our clients with enhanced response rates, customer engagement and cost savings. Our approach also delivers value by expanding the scope of our client’s market feedback programs to critical customer facing operations that may not have been completely covered using traditional data collection methods. Inductis, an EXL Company, is a global professional services firm that helps large companies leverage the information age to make data-driven decisions through deep analytics. Inductis is a fully-owned but independently branded subsidiary of ExlService Holdings, Inc. and is headquartered at New Providence, NJ, United States. Inductis has a strong track record of helping leading companies strengthen their businesses with its unique mix of insightful strategy consulting, state-of the-science analytical capabilities and infrastructure, and dual-shore delivery model.

Inductis is derived from inductive logic – proceeding from particular facts to a general conclusion – and from the Latin induco: to bring forward, to induce, to lead.

We specialize in identifying high-impact problems and opportunities where we can generate results quickly, creating immediate and lasting value. We focus on value creation through our two practice areas: Management Consulting and Analytics Services. Our geographic spread across USA, India and Singapore enables us to work towards delivering high-end analytical solutions and services in a cost effective manner. IRIT was founded in 1990. Since then, it plays a prominent role in Toulouse computer science research. It gathers together more than 690 members among which 500 researchers, faculty members, and Ph.D. students afiliated to CNRS (Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique), INPT (Institut National Polytechnique de Toulouse), UT3 (Université Toulouse 3 Paul Sabatier), UT1 (Université Toulouse1 Capitole) and UT2J (Université Toulouse 2 Jean Jaurès).

Research at IRIT covers most of the fields where computer and information science are in progress, be it in its core, ranging from computer architecture to software engineering and computer networks, or in its most contemporary developments like artificial intelligence and cognitive systems, multimedia man-machine interaction, image interpretation and synthesis. Wedgewood Communications is a full-service medical communications and advertising agency with a focus on pharmaceutical and healthcare organizations. Grounded in science and independent in spirit, our unbiased dedication to examining the data behind healthcare brands results in creative strategies that meet the needs of our clients and move market share. Our mission is to deliver solutions that empower our clients to make decisions that maximize performance — we specialize in transforming business data into actionable information. By combining our experience in technology, business and industry best practices, We are well-positioned to deliver high-value, custom-tailored solutions that meet the unique business and technical requirements of our clients. 

Over the years we built an extensive knowledge base and created tangible value from raw data across diverse domains including Insurance, health-care, financial services, Security and Risk Management industries. We have the experience and academic  background in Statistics, Data Mining and  Machine Learning, Business Intelligence and Management Science. 

We have Expertise in scikit-learn, Panadas, SQL, Transact SQL, Olap, Business Objects, Crystal Reports complex tabular reports, SSRS, MS Access,Tableau, Cognos and Excel.

In Machine Learning / Data Mining we are proficient in Feature Engineering in Python Pandas, Building models for Predictive Analytics in Scikit-Learn. We have Developed Models in Random Forests Classifier, Random Forest Repressor, K-Nearest Neighbors.

In business Intelligence In Business Intelligence we have developed Health Care Management reporting for Physicians and clinics showing capture rates and ranking. Initiated Data-driven discoveries which include search, capture, storage, visualization, interpretation, and analysis of data facilitating top management to find insurance related meaningful trends in Drug Utilization, Overall Costs and Health Benefits to propose wellness programs.

If you need to create new or modify existing / canned Crystal Reports, you can use our expertise to do the work. We will create and deliver your reports according to the schedule you provide. You can participate as much (or as little) as you like. 

Visit us at  www.datascientist.ca

https://digital.sap.com/crystal-success-profile-kaleem-mian/ Vernier Software & Technology has been a leading innovator of scientific data-collection technology for over 30 years. Focused on science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM), Vernier is dedicated to developing creative ways to teach and learn using hands-on science. Vernier creates easy-to-use and affordable science interfaces, sensors, and graphing/analysis software.

With world-wide distribution to over 130 countries, Vernier products are used by educators and students from elementary school to college. Vernier’s technology-based solutions enhance STEM education, increase learning, and build students' critical thinking skills. Vernier’s business culture is grounded in Earth-friendly policies and practices and the company provides a family-friendly workplace.

For more information visit www.vernier.com. Armstrong International is an executive search firm specialising in senior front office hiring across the Financial Services Industry with dedicated specialists in ;  Fixed Income, Equities, Data Science, Corporate Finance, Real Estate, Asset Management, Equities, Credit, FX, Private Wealth, Emerging Markets, Commodities & Private Equity

We are trusted by some of the worlds leading financial institutions, who use us for 3 primary reasons :
 - Industry / Technical expertise
 - Speed of hire
 - Established and embedded market relationships

We like to innovate and we have been at the forefront of some of the most profitable and exciting changes in the  industry, including the current and phenomenally exciting, Data Science and Artificial Intelligence revolution 

A Partner led organisation with a closely knit team, still working with our very first client signed in 1989 (even if some of the moving parts have changed) Razorthink powers enterprises with Artificial Intelligence Systems that drive superior decisions, highly efficient processes and ideal outcomes.

Razorthink is an Enterprise AI Systems company that powers organizations with Deep Learning intelligent systems that drive superior decisions, highly efficient processes and ideal outcomes. Razorthink Big Brain enables companies to rapidly create Expert AIs that solve data analysis challenges previously impossible using traditional analytics or data science technologies. Razorthink Expert AIs include Customer Predictions, Intelligent Recommendations, Fraud Detection and Intelligent Process Automation. Founded in 2015, the company is privately held with headquarters in the San Francisco Bay Area and Research Labs in Bangalore, India.


 At Keywee, we make stories relevant and powerful for the world’s best storytellers — like The New York Times, The BBC, National Geographic, Forbes, and Red Bull.

Today, people aren’t coming to websites to search for content — stories find their audiences in feeds and apps. The upshot? Distribution is now the key to effective storytelling.
Keywee’s platform unlocks audience insights using AI and data science, and infuses them into every step of the storytelling process: from topic selection, to story creation, to distribution and optimization. 

Keywee is backed by leading investors such as Google’s Eric Schmidt and The New York Times, and has been a fast-growing, profitable startup since its inception.
 What is Big Data?

Every day, we create 2.5 quintillion bytes of data — so much that 90% of the data in the world today has been created in the last two years alone.
Gartner defines Big Data as high volume, velocity and variety information assets that demand cost-effective, innovative forms of information processing for enhanced insight and decision making. 
According to IBM, 80% of data captured today is unstructured, from sensors used to gather climate information, posts to social media sites, digital pictures and videos, purchase transaction records, and cell phone GPS signals, to name a few. All of this unstructured data is Big Data.

What does Hadoop solve?

Organizations are discovering that important predictions can be made by sorting through and analyzing Big Data.
However, since 80% of this data is "unstructured"​, it must be formatted (or structured) in a way that that makes it suitable for data mining and subsequent analysis.
Hadoop is the core platform for structuring Big Data, and solves the problem of making it useful for analytics purposes.

Global Big Data Conference what is it? Bina Technologies, a part of Roche Sequencing, builds next-generation technologies for scalable and accurate processing and management of genomic information. The Bina Genomic Management Solution (GMS) is an integrated, scalable, and comprehensive analysis platform that empowers clinical and translational researchers to gain insight from their genomic data sets. Bina's Genomic Management Solution dramatically decreases the complexity, time, and cost of genomic analysis, accelerating the science of personalized medicine.
Learn more about Bina's product, technologies, and team at http://www.bina.com. BCausE. An Wireless Telecom and Datacom IoT OEM & SAAS company , with an in-house multidisciplinary Systematic  R&D  on Advanced Material Science and next generation ICT technology integrated Design, development and pre production environment . 

 We have technology Apparatus/System , utility Patent  and Design Patent Pending in MultiCore ILP based Mobile IoT Device, Micro Display Device and many others in the development and filing stage.

 Our work and capabilities involves in the frontier technology of realtime ML, AI in wireless multi-structured data communication & Imaging Technology in constrained network for increase reliability for device to device and device to many device communication with QoS and Adaptive Priority Determinism.

We have engaged profound expertise in the form of  Researchers, Scientist, Engineers , Architects, technologist,  partners with next generation Design and Development tools.

We are into constructive technology development , with the promise  to have a better future with clean and environmental friendly  technology. They should improve transparency and inclusive participation of all culture and communities for assured utility and value. Findability Sciences is devoted to replacing the pain of searching with the joy of finding!

Findability Sciences is the world's first consulting firm focused on the science of "findability."​  We define findability as the ability to locate and present usable information as easily, accurately, and quickly as possible.

Findability Sciences offer solutions to provide a 'google like'​ experience within the corporate firewalls thereby improving ability to find vital information better, cheaper & faster. Experienced teams at Findability Sciences offer webportal companies, solutions to improve findability of content on their sites. GrowthEnabler provides intelligence on tech innovation and disruptive business models to meet the challenges and strategic innovation needs of technology business leaders. 

A digital solution providing fast, and objective intelligence, from around the world, enabling confident, data led decision making. We curate data using proprietary algorithms, data science and machine learning to give you trusted, accurate and reliable intelligence, on demand.  

Search our platform with your business priority, challenge, technology of interest to unearth new business models, identify disruptive, fast growing, emerging tech companies, relevant your business, all on one place. 
 Enterprise System Partners (ESP) is a leading global consulting and project engineering company – supporting manufacturing IT solutions for the life science industry since 2003.

We are experts in the delivery of the following specialist areas:

MES
Serialization & Track & Trace
ERP Systems (inc JDE, Oracle, SAP)
Automation Systems (PLC/SCADA, DCS, Data Historian)
Laboratory Systems (LIMS, eLab, CDS)
Integration of All Systems

Irish Headquarters                                               
Nore House                                   
Bessboro Road,                                           
Blackrock, Cork                                                     
Ireland

US Office
30 Man Mar Drive, Unit 1
Plainville, MA 02762
United States

Netherlands Office
Pivot Park, 
Kloosterstraat 9 5349 AB Oss , 
Netherlands

Turkey Office
Basaran Sok. 
Ceylan Apt. No:14/1 
Suadiye/Istanbul 34740 
Turkey

www.EnterpriseSystemPartners.com
Twitter: @ESPNewsandJobs For the last three decades, MCS has remained a constant fixture in an ever-changing media marketplace by adapting and innovating as rapidly as the science itself. From our earliest assignment celebrating the eradication of smallpox, to announcing the results of the world’s first cardiovascular mega-trials, to the design of PR programs that move the needles for many of today’s blockbuster brands, we have amassed a deep level of scientific and journalistic expertise and earned the enduring trust and respect of the industry’s top innovators, advocates and influencers.

As an independent specialty shop solely focused on healthcare, we think of ourselves as a swift boat among battleships: small but sturdy; nimble and reliable; and best-suited for operations that are difficult, demanding and unique. Everyone here shares a trademark set of skills and a desire to use their PR powers for good, both for the client and for the healthcare community. And we’re sticklers for ensuring the availability of senior counsel, on your team and in your trenches, every day.

When it comes to media relations, we want home runs, not just hits. You have an important perspective to communicate, and only a quality article inclusive of your brand’s attributes constitutes a win. As part of our daily media monitoring, we evaluate each article’s impact on your brand and proactively answer the questions, “so what?” and “what now?”

We are a highly collaborative bunch that believes in the pollination of ideas across all brand communications. We welcome the opportunity to partner with your creative agencies, co-marketers and cross-functional colleagues to deliver results more efficiently and with a holistic vision of the brand’s success. Created in Montpellier in 1999 by Laurent Rousseau (CEO), OCEASOFT has established itself as a provider of high-quality temperature monitoring solutions, serving over 1100 clients throughout Europe with innovative products and attentive service. 
OCEASOFT offers complete and integrated solutions for temperature monitoring and traceability. The company's products and services satisfy regulatory requirements and are designed to help reduce risks related to sanitary and food safety.

•All OCEASOFT products are certified CE, FCC, ETSI and EN12830 (European standard), and are developed to comply with FDA 21 CFR part 11. 
•Its experience and methodology have been proven over 10 years through numerous projects. With tens of thousands of measurement points installed, OCEASOFT is a major provider in agri-food, healthcare, distribution and shipping sectors. Some of its clients include Institut Pasteur, Procter&Gamble Pharmaceuticals, APHM, APHP, CSP, Sanofi-Aventis, Merck, GSK, Novartis, Pomona, Elior, Danone, Unilever, Sodexo, etc. 
•A complete calibration laboratory for precisely calibrating temperature, hygrometry, pressure and CO2 probes. Hong Kong Applied Science and Technology Research Institute (ASTRI) was founded by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region in 2000 with the mission of enhancing Hong Kong’s competitiveness in technology-based industries through applied research.

ASTRI’s core R&D competence in various areas is grouped under seven Technology Divisions, namely Communications Technologies, Electronics Components, IC Design (Analog), IC Design (Digital), Opto-electronics, Security and Data Sciences, and Intelligent Software and Systems. Five areas of applications including financial technologies, intelligent manufacturing, next generation network, health technologies, and smart city are identified for major pursuits.

In 2006, ASTRI was designated as the Hong Kong Research and Development Centre for Information and Communications Technologies by the Innovation and Technology Commission. In 2012, ASTRI was given an approval from the Ministry of Science and Technology (MOST) under the Chinese State Council to establish the first Hong Kong Branch of Chinese National Engineering Research Centre (CNERC) for Application Specific Integrated Circuit System in collaboration with Southeast University (SEU) in Nanjing. Knack is a free mobile app that combines quick and fun games, AI, and state of the art behavioral neuroscience to help you find out your strongest soft skills, most valuable hidden talents, and the education and/or career paths that are the best suited for you.

Employers use Knack  
Employers are using Knack to reach strategic talent pools: to engage, attract, and identify high-potential talent using predictive data analytics. 

Colleges use Knack 
To help their students make sound choices as they chart their future path to education and career.

Nonprofits use Knack
Knack helps youth and unemployed discover their potential for academic and career success.

US Government recommends Knack
The US Government endorsed Knack as the only unbiased tool for identifying soft and life skills of youth.

Knack is for everyone!
Knack games are designed for everyone—even if you never played a game before. You are never too old to play our games and benefit from the results you’ll get. 

It’s scientifically proven
Our science and technology have been tested and validated by academic researchers, universities, employers, and industry organizations. Knack algorithms outperform job interviews, standardized test scores (SAT, GMAT, GRE, others), GPA scores, and a range of other traditional predictors that colleges, universities, and employers use to make admissions, hiring, and promotion decisions.

It’s unbiased
Our algorithms remove age, gender, and race/ethnic bias, enabling employers to identify talent in a fair and inclusive manner.

People use Knack in 120+ countries
We’re the leading platform for connecting people and opportunity through games, science, and data. Knack is used by people, schools, colleges, universities, non-profits, and employers (including leading Fortune 100 employers) in over 120 countries around the world. At Kitman Labs, our mission is to enable professional and collegiate teams to win by increasing player availability through injury reduction. We believe winning has as much to do with science as it does with desire. 

By accurately capturing relevant athlete data and applying algorithms grounded in scientific research, our Athlete Management System provides actionable insights that improve player availability and delivers stronger team results. 

Kitman Labs is the only company serving the elite athlete marketplace providing accurate, validated markerless motion capture screening and delivering real-time alerts that enable coaches and staff to take preventative actions before injuries occur. At SpringML we focus on turning your data into your most valuable asset.  Accelerate time to make real impact by leveraging smarter, faster and more accurate insights from you data.

We're hiring! Our core values include putting our customers first, empathy & transparency, and innovation.  We are a team with a focus on individual responsibility, rapid personal growth and execution.  If you share similar traits, we want you on our team. JBA is a leading customer-centric data agency. We analyse data and apply insights to create better customer experiences. Our insights and process help clients create competitive advantage and enjoy continued success.

We have offices across Australia and Asia, serving a prestigious list of companies across telecommunications, retail and service verticals.

JBA has a proven track record for successful online and direct sales optimisation for large operators within Australia, Asia and Europe. With founded eCommerce expertise in architecting online business and data marketing solutions for top tier companies, our strategic direction naturally leans towards major global brands and innovators in digital sales. Jar Creative is an experience-based digital marketing agency specializing in inbound and ecommerce marketing. We mix leading-edge data science with imagination and business acuity to produce real online engagement for our clients. Specialized Chemistries
At Precision Laboratories, we help the grower, retailer, golf course superintendent and turfgrass manager feed the world, create great outdoor playing surfaces and steward the earth with specialized chemistries. We're committed to using resources properly and efficiently.  Whether it's saving water, getting the most from fertilizer and plant protection applications or saving labor, we design our products to give you the best crop using the least amounts of inputs necessary.

Results. Expect It.
We obsess about our customers, and that’s what drives our culture. Our customers know they can count on us to deliver great products, outstanding service, and a high level of satisfaction.

Innovation
For over 50 years we've raised the bar with innovative chemistries and technologies to give you products that are sensible and effective.  With our customer-intimate philosophy, new ideas are driven from the ground up. We pride ourselves on solving acute problems and being flexible enough to quickly develop new products that customers need in today’s changing marketplace. 

Biological Performance
We're a science and data-driven business in a marketplace that demands performance.  In our quest to enhance plants, seeds, soil and water, we dedicate substantial resources to research and development of new products that deliver consistent results and high value for you, our customer. Founded in 2006, K Logic is a full-stack digital marketing agency that fuses together cutting-edge technology with innovative marketing solutions to revolutionize how brands and businesses communicate with their consumers. We serve both local and global markets with clients ranging from B2C to B2B from large enterprises to innovative startups. 

Our philosophy is simple:  we provide media solutions that consumers actually want to interact with, while generating quantifiable results for our clients. 

We employ over 80 brilliant, unique minds that are constantly seeking to bring the digital future into our clients'​ hands, today. Optimization, transparency, and an unwavering commitment to results continue to serve as the driving force of our digital marketing revolution.
  
Our services include:

 - Strategic Planning
 - SEO & UX
 - Performance Media Optimization
 - Analytics & Data
 - Creative Content
 - Social Media Management 
 - Marketing Automation
 - Mobile 
 - MarTech  
 ONZO is a global leader in big data and analytics for utilities. ONZO delivers valuable insight from the analysis of big utility data and helps utilities apply this insight in transforming customer relationships, improving energy efficiency, shifting peak demand and offering new energy services while reducing operational costs. 

ONZO’s unique approach combines utility sector experience with an advanced capability in data analytics to create smart solutions for consumers and suppliers. ONZO’s algorithms are capable of handling different data resolutions from monthly to one-second reads, and can process trillions of data readings, extracting valuable insights, including the identification of individual appliances from whole house data. 

ONZO is based in London, UK, home to the largest data science community in the world. The company has built up a team of highly skilled data scientists with PhDs, expert software engineers and experienced insight consultants. ONZO's senior management team has extensive sector experience and a strong understanding of utility needs. 

Visit www.onzo.com for more information about our business and product offering. Delivering AnalytiXagility, the trusted, secure, self-service, cloud-enabled digital research environment for biomedical, precision medicine and healthcare researchers

AnalytiXagility delivers secure, auditable workspaces for research teams to engage personally, collaboratively and productively around data from multiple systems and sources in order to address complex data challenges.

Commit to Rapid, Efficient and Collaborative Innovation Driven by Data
AnalytiXagility makes it easy to assemble your people, tools and data assets in secure, open source analytic workspaces to accelerate data-driven projects like never before.

Choose the Innovation Environment that Suits your Specific Requirements
Promote innovation at a project or organisational level: centralise and simplify your collaborative project analysis with a tailored AnalytiXagility Project Edition workspace, or select the Ecosystem Edition as the base for all projects within your organisation’s entire environment.

Find out more at www.aridhia.com The Japan Science and Technology Agency (JST) is one of the core institutions responsible for the implementation of science and technology policy in Japan, including the government’s Science and Technology Basic Plan. From knowledge creation—the wellspring of innovation—to ensuring that the fruits of research are shared with society and Japan’s citizens, JST undertakes its mission in a comprehensive manner. JST also works to provide a sound infrastructure of science and technology information and raise awareness and understanding of science and technology-related issues in Japan.


RISTEX
•RISTEX is a part of Japan Science and Technology Agency (JST) that primarily functions as a funding agency with a think tank-like capacity.
•While collaborating with a wide variety of stakeholders, RISTEX aims to bolster social systems and mechanisms which generate outcomes valuable to the public.
•In doing so, RISTEX's research and development (R&D) produce and utilize "know-how" such as evidence-based,scientifically-grounded data, methods, theories, models, policy proposals and tools-that contribute to solving social problems. With experience in more then 40 countries and more than 100 crops, SAN provides innovative, customized and credible agricultural solutions to some of the most pressing environmental and social problems of our time.

The SAN Solutions for Sustainability are a toolbox of services designed to meet the needs of producers and companies along the value chain, as well as organizations and donors interested in delivering real change on the ground. 

Our portfolio of solutions is characterized by their flexibility, efficiency and scalability, and by the unique combination of strategic global thinking with local reach and capacity that SAN offers. The menu of services may be selected and combined according to your business needs and goals in order to deliver real and cost-effective impacts.

The SAN Solutions are science-based and data-driven. What makes SAN unique as a partner is that we use our best-in class standard (SAN Standard) as a roadmap and draw upon our global and local network of expertise. Data Strategy | Data Consulting | Data Integration | Data Science | Privacy & Compliance

Value By & For Human : We help large Brands to Design & Deliver their Data Ambition, in a Human & Pragmatic Way, and Activate advanced data-driven Use cases :
- Data Monetization : new sources of revenue, open innovation, etc.
- Industry 4.0 : Internet of Things, Predictive Maintenance, etc.
- DMP & Predictive Marketing : content & product recommandation engines, clients scoring & look-alike, etc.
- 360° Knowledge : consolidated view of customers, prospects & employees, etc.
- Cybersecurity : fraud detection, data leakage prevention,  etc.

Our Team of Data Experts bring the Best of the Data technologies :
- Digital Analytics : web analytics, tag management systems, etc.
- Privacy & GDPR compliance : use consent & privacy center, data leakage, data lineage, etc.
- Data Science : R, Python, Spark, TensorFlow
- Big Data : DataWareHouse, Hadoop, NoSQL, NewSQL

We provide end to end professional services, supported by robust methodologies for :
- Design Thinking : sketch storming, minimum viable products, pain points, etc.
- Test & Learn : mock-up, proof of concept, pilot, etc.
- By design compliance to key regulations (GDPR, ePrivacy, ...)
- Industrialization of the data-driven to fully capture the sources of data value

We operate from 3 offices : Paris & Lille in France, and Dubai in the United Arab Emirates.

Axionable has been awarded HAPPY AT WORK START-UP 2018, and is a membre of the FRENCH TECH community. La Paillasse is the first french and world largest community lab that fosters open science and technology. At La Paillasse we claim that there is no monopole for great ideas and we have been working on re-founding the concept of science laboratory for the upcoming era of collective intelligence, fast prototyping and big data.

Today, La Paillasse has grown into an international network of laboratories [Paris, Lyon, Cork, Manila] with all necessary ressources to conduct prototyping and R&D projects, available to any person wishing to use it. It attracts a large number of budding biologists, physicists, engineers, designers and artists. 

The last Open Science program launched by La Paillasse is Epidemium, in partnership with Roche Laboratories. Epidemium is an ambitious scientific collaborative program that seeks to transform the way we perform cancer epidemiology studies by using only open data. Our Faculty has educated hundreds of students to meet the challenges of today’s job market with courses that rate at the highest levels in Italy and Europe.

Creativity, Teamwork and Internationality

There is a lot that goes into a solid scientific degree in information technology. Three specific factors make our programme stand out: 

Creativity
IT embraces all realms of life and has to be a creative discipline. Our graduates are more than just programmers. They are managers and technological innovators with an important role in leadership. We teach students to build on their inherent capacity to solve problems. The classroom provides fundamental knowledge, laboratory practice allows students to apply their skills and solve real-world problems.
 
Teamwork
To provide solutions, IT relies on a teams of expertsand on an interdisciplinary approach, uniting highly diverse disciplines. Working in teams creates shared knowledge that is greater than the sum of the each member’s expertise. Students learn to collaborate and exploit their colleagues’ expertise, while at the same time learning to respect the work of others and developing an appreciation for standards and methods.

Internationality
IT is being studied and developed around the world. The use of English gives students the capability of functioning in international and multicultural environments. Our academic team and student community interact with members from all over the globe. Haystack, a major international market and consumer research company

Innovative methods and pioneering techniques to dive deeper into products, sensory, shopper, branding and immersion. Haystack is an international market and consumer research company that turns products and brands into stellar experiences.

With reality-driven and science-based sensory & marketing research, we reveal what customers really want. We turn insights into tangible recommendations to help you create superior products and brands, and unique shopping experiences. At RI we are driven by our curiosity to find new ways to unlock the potential of data, to create more value for our global clients. We believe the future of analytics is democratisation; creating and sharing relevant and accessible insight across organisations, top to bottom, left to right. 

We a global people and technology company, who understand our industries and their trading challenges first hand, but we don’t rest on our experience. We blend this domain knowledge with a curiosity and a desire to find new analytic approaches and techniques.  This is how we design the most appropriate data driven, analytics solutions to help our our clients trade more effectively, including Wal-Mart, Diageo, Mondelez, ASDA, Sainsbury's, Morrisons, Red Bull, Kimberly-Clark and Danone-Waters.

We do not believe that one size fits all, so we’ve created dynamically modular and scalable products to meet the needs of our unique clients. The analytical solutions may be complex, but the output should always be easy to understand for anyone to take beneficial action. Insight should be for the many, not the few.

Our products are focused on finding the answers to your toughest questions, get in touch to discuss how we can help ri-team.com/contact/ Cutting-edge software for advanced data analysis and engineering.

You bring the data. We’ll bring the software.

FP Complete helps sophisticated companies develop cutting-edge software for science, finance, Internet of Things, and other advanced data projects. Our clients are category innovators: startups to Fortune 500 firms, putting information to work. Together we build new software-driven systems for powerful data handling, data analysis, proprietary applications, and online operations.

We are veterans and innovators from Microsoft, Intel, Google, several PhD programs, and several prominent open-source projects. We operate innovation and engineering teams out of North America and Western Europe.

When yesterday’s IT isn’t enough -- when you are building novel capabilities from your data, and need better, more powerful, and more reliable software and analytics to reach market scale faster -- FP Complete can assist you with powerful software and operations technology and cooperative engineering services.

We develop and scale up proprietary, extensible applications. Our exceptionally well-qualified teams of engineers, operators, mathematicians, and computer scientists use latest-generation techniques such as multicore and distributed functional programming, distributed team management, world-leading Haskell tools, and advanced cloud devops and containerization, to get you new IT capabilities with fast time-to-market and immediate high capacity. 

Technical Activities:

Data: merging, cleansing, proprietary analysis, applied mathematics & modeling
Software: modular extensions, radical performance enhancement, proprietary applications
Devops: cloud management, solution deployment, high-performance computing (HPC)
Mentoring: knowledge transfer for your software and devops professionals

Industry Focus:

Internet, Mobile & IOT
Software Engineering & IT Development
Finance & Investing
Life Sciences, Biotech & Personalized Medicine Inova provides a cloud-based software and services for biopharma companies to better collaborate today as they develop the medicines of tomorrow. By using Inova our clients manage their biopharma partnerships more efficiently. They find all their partnering information in one place, track their deals and alliances easily and report on their pipeline and activities in seconds.

We have also developed strategic partnerships that make data from the 20 biggest biopharma events automatically available in Inova, providing our users with always up-to-date company and contact information. Over 100 life science companies, including 50% of the top 50 pharmaceutical companies and many midsize pharma and innovative biotechs already use Inova. 

We are headquartered in Lyon, France, and also operate offices in New York and Tokyo. For more information, visit www.inova-software.com 

Join us! We are a young & international company with 50 employees counting 15 different nationalities. We are always looking for people who like to collaborate and will share our values. We reward transparency, honesty and humility. We take pride in what we do and in our customers’ satisfaction. Happy customers make us happy. We’re changing the way an industry works and we’re doing it with innovative solutions and cutting-edge technologies. If this sounds like an environment you can thrive in, join our team: www.inova-software.com/about-us/join-us/  DataHero is a leading cloud business intelligence software platform that specializes in data visualization and data dashboards.

Founded in 2011, DataHero is the fastest easiest way for businesses to get insights from their data and share them with clients and teams. With customers worldwide, ranging from large Enterprises to agencies and SMBs, DataHero empowers data heroes in every department of every kind of organization. DataHero has a distributed team with employees worldwide. Valtyx is an operational analytics company. Businesses today are facing increased uncertainty and volatility in supply and demand, making decision-making extremely challenging. We empower businesses to improve performance and respond to this high level of uncertainty by making better data-driven decisions.

We aim to develop solutions that deliver high quality business insights, significant and sustainable cost savings, faster cycle times, and dependable service levels. Our approach combines industry knowledge, analytics and technology to deliver solutions that help our clients make better data-driven decisions. 

We are a team of experienced high-calibre professionals comprising of data scientists, domain, industry and technology experts. Each and every one of us represent the spirit of our company: driven, focused and committed to deliver solutions that help our clients make better data-driven decisions. 


 We are a team that aspires to create value by utilizing technology as a product of research. 

We intend to fill in the gap of today to what is desired and the ideal state. We aspire to create efficient and effective applications that aids in the supply chain management process.

We EASE complexity and create VALUE

We provide these outstanding services:
•	Logistics Data Quality Assurance;
•	Logistics Invoice Certification; 
•	Freight Payment Settlement and its Knowledge Management;
•	Logistics AP Analytics;
•	Invoice Certification; 

We are working on the following projects:
•	Forwarding Platform; 
•	Warehouse Management Systems.

For more details, please check revelo.tech 
 Our focus is on innovative analytic solutions to solve complex business decision needs, such as supply chain optimization, planning & forecasting, balancing sustainability programs, and risk management. 

Our differentiator is in modeling complex human decision dynamics at the core of all decision processes, leveraging computational social science and agent-based modeling & simulation. 

Instead of reductionist "data science"​  and the brute-force quantitative methods of the "big data"​ hype, we apply more intuitive causality views, recognizing that "Correlation does not constitute Causation". Instead of abstract numeric views on business processes and their expected outcomes, we apply game & simulation concepts to the analytic process, so as to drive a more effective understanding of complex business dynamics, intra-organizationally as well as across trading partners.

Our team has decades of combined experience in corporate performance management, supply chain optimization, business intelligence, operations research, cognitive science, political science, and computer science. Navalgo provides consulting services for data management and computing challenges in the Logistics and Information Technology industry. Our Managing Partners work closely with a network of collaborating experts from IT research and academia.

Our scope of services covers:

- Working with our clients to create data-driven models and develop algorithms best suited to their project.
- Data collection, analysis, and interpretation.
- System design  and proof-of-concept implementation.
- Providing staff to support our clients' long-term needs in IT R&D and Data Science.
 Fusion$360 (https://www.fusions360.com) is a B2B Platform as a Service company which aims to enable open banking inclusive financial services for SMEs through an innovative shared economy / open API service exchange and integration model. We created the first FinTech Trade Platform in Taiwan and the world – FinteXchange for enabling innovators to quickly create FinTech services through an open API Economy platform. We focus on innovating and integrating key technologies of Application Program Interface (API) Management, AI/Machine Learning, Big Data, Blockchain, Cloud, Crowd Sourcing; and we also offer consulting services to help financial institutes to transform their business to the new financial services and to leverage FinTech innovators.  Together, we will realize the goal of sharing, collaboration and innovations in the FinTech industry. Veterans2Commerce is a for profit social enterprise that equips top performing transitioning military and veterans with 21st century business management skills to succeed in the innovation economy.  We are a market based alternative to business school for veterans that takes a complete value chain approach to transitioning military by recruiting, training, assisting in job placement, and providing business mentoring after entering the commercial sector. Are you looking to develop a data science or analytics team? We can help establish the team and set up systems and processes to ensure your data science investments provide value to your business quickly and effectively.

We solve business problems with industrial strength data science. Our mission is to enable our clients with the same big data and machine learning techniques that have made the world's largest enterprises successful. In addition to custom solutions, we can help assess and train your data practice and identify ways to improve the connections between your people, data, and business goals.

Our Ukraine and Belarus based consultants are expert network engineers, data scientists and software engineers. We bring passion and excellence to every project and apply our decades of experience to helping our clients' business grow and succeed.

We believe that technology should enhance profit and make it easier to accomplish goals. We are most satisfied when working together with our customers to solve tough problems and uncover new solutions.

Our root is data science. We believe that every company should be able to monetize their data with predictive analytics. However predictive analytics can be though especially for people without statistical or programming background. That’s why we’ve created SCAILER, which automates the technical aspects of model building process. We aimed at building a system that thinks and acts like a data scientist would do, basing on our broad experience.

We hope that working with our company will bring you so much joy and satisfaction as for us creating it. 

We Love To Create Solutions That Help Companies To Monetize Their Data.  On a mission to give people tools to optimise business operations

Analytics for your Business!
Optimize your Operations.
 研峰科技（北京）有限公司，以多年积累的高端精细化学品研发技术为基础，建立起了一支专业的技术团队，不断研发各种新的高端精细化学品，包括各种生物和化学试剂、医药中间体和材料中间体产品，致力于为高精尖行业提供精细化学品的产品和服务。

我们以北京为营销总部，在上海、郑州、沈阳设立了营销办事处。在天津、苏州设立研究院，定向研究和材料、医药相关的精细化学品。在离京500公里的辽宁盘锦建立了北方研发生产基地，建立了现代化的研发大楼、专业的生产车间和最高等级的化学品库房，另外，我们在华东设立了存储基地，可快速为全国各地的客户提供专业的服务。

研峰科技的产品包括：为医药生产行业，提供各类生物、化学试剂、医药中间体，为半导体行业和OLED行业提供包括MO源在内的高纯金属有机化学品，为石化领域提供专业高端催化产品。研峰科技采用精细化的研发生产管理体系和高标准的质量管理体系，可快速有效完成各种化学品和中间体的委托合成。

研峰科技秉承“合作共赢、发展共享”的价值观，以及“专业高效”服务宗旨，建有专门的电子商务网站，方便客户实时查询产品规格、价格及库存信息，可以7x24小时自助订购服务，随时查询订单进展，尽享快捷、高效的在线服务。 研峰科技将打造最先进的专业服务体系，用高品质的产品，及最高效的服务，服务于各行各业的科研，共创科技未来。

Profile Of Infinity Scientific
Infinity Scientific (Beijing) Co. Ltd., was founded to research and manufacture fine chemical products including biological and chemical reagents, pharmaceutical and materials intermediates for high-tech industry customers.

We have a professional sales team in China, headquarter locates in Beijing and branch sales offices locate in Shanghai, Zhengzhou and Shenyang. Research institutes have been set up in Tianjin and Suzhou, targeting R&D of molecules for Chemical, Materials and Pharmaceutical industries. Our northern engineering center and manufacturing plant has been set up in Panjin, the chemical industry city of Liaoning province, 500 kilometers away from Beijing.

Our products include biological and chemical reagents, pharmaceutical and material intermediates, high-purity metal organic chemicals for semiconductor industry such as MO source and OLED industry, and professional catalyst materials serving in petroleum fields. We can also provide custom synthesis service with fast devlivery and leading quality by our high-standard R&D management system and QA system.

We are committed to deliver the best quality products and professional service with holding the values of "Win-Win Collaboration" and "Share for Development". We provide 7x24 hours online service, and you can find all of data including specifications, price, stock and COA on our online customer focused system. We strive to be a professional fine chemical supplier and seek to honor the future with our customers in varity of science and high-tech industries.
 Number Nine Music is an Australian-based royalty accounting and consultancy firm with over 7 years experience in the UK, European and Australasian markets. 

We specialise in royalty administration for record labels and artists. Having worked throughout the entire music industry supply chain we are ideally placed to help you fulfil your royalty requirements.  

Based in Melbourne, Number Nine Music offers fully comprehensive royalty administration services to clients ranging from small scale artists to some of the industry's biggest labels. A connection service and recruitment platform for world leading data science consultants and professionals. We aim to maximise the use and efficacy of data within business, public and third sector research. We believe this can be achieved by connecting world leading experts in data scientists to their optimal job.

Companies and organisations can advertise their specific data science requirements - whether it's a permanent job (on our jobs board) or a one-off consultancy as a main advertisement.

Data scientists can advertise their skills by creating a profile outlining their qualifications and experience. We then use this data to match them to the job which optimally fits their skill set. 

Setting up a profile or advertising a job is free, and takes only a few minutes. Featured profiles and adverts are seen before any others and are available with a premium subscription to the service. There are basic minimum requirements for the data science consultants, but this includes the possibility for substituting any relevant experience in industry for academic qualifications.

Techincally gifted individuals in fields such as: computer science, machine learning, data analysis, mathematics, engineering, industry based research with a data related component and any other quantitative/technical field are encouraged to create a profile for free to advertise any relevant skills for the ever growning market of data science and machine learning. 

Relevant skills/programming languages include: 

Python, R, Ruby, Matlab, Mathematica, C, C++, SQL, NoSQL, Data mining, Medical statistics, Market analytics, Supply chain optimization, Data visualisation, Optimization and many many more ADDING VALUE TO YOUR LOGISTIC DATA IS OUR CHALLENGE

We offer assistance for data analyses from your (ERP) systems in spreadsheet / Excel please contact us.  

Why us? 
+20 years experience in Supply Chain Management / Logistics (in ERP systems) and a passion for MS Excel provides an oppurtunity for adding value to your data.

Profound Experience in:
Stock transactions Analyses
Track & Trace
MRP (DD-MRP) Analyses
Lot - Batch - Serial analyses
Obsolete & Slow moving Stock Analyses
Data unconverted to converted data
Stock transactions Analyses
Track & Trace
Price analyses Standard (VVP) vs Moving Average
Data Migration preparation: undoubling, transformation, etc.
Create & Prepare KPI
Dash boarding
Data Science
Graphics
Forecast – Open sales versus Stock analyses
Recall analyses an procedures
Cross Compare Stocks / Warehouses
Return logistics analyses
UOM analyses (KG --> Pieces | Pieces --> Pairs)
Data Validation
Time analyses-calculations
Train logistics employees in spreadheet use
BI analyses
Big Data
 Welcome to a new kind of Supple Chain Company. 

The FMCG supply chain as we know it is in dire need of technology infusion. Less than 0.1% of retailers of India - who we identify as Kirana stores - use POS terminals. With 8 million stores, India surpasses even countries like China, and the demand that originates from these stores is highly fragmented. They are individually small but collectively very large

With our data science driven approach we are changing the way business is done at these stores. Our friends - the moms and pops at these stores - need a hint of the right technology and tools which could help them increase efficiency and return-on-effort.

At MaxWholesale, Our proprietary algorithms help you predict your demand, procure better, larger variety and more reliably, reduce wastage, and enable you with the right working capital based on your payment history. Global Food Safety Challenges  .  World-class Solutions

Food Safety Consortium (FSC) is launched by The Hong Kong Polytechnic University to foster closer engagement and collaborations among the industry, academia, and government to address unmet food safety needs through innovation. With the ultimate goal of benefiting public food health, we create an industry-academia network and support the industry with advanced technology and science, and aim at enhancing capability and competence on food safety and its related technology development through academic and industrial collaborations.

While building platforms to facilitate the development of cutting-edge and applied technologies, FSC proactively reach out to the industry to learn about their challenges, and initiate and participate in various global collaborative projects. Areas covered include food fraud, food supply chain intelligence, application of big data & blockchain technologies in food safety, and many other initiatives in solving imminent food safety problems around the world.

The Corporate Members of FSC come from local and multinational companies of different food industry sectors – manufacturing, retail & wholesale, catering, testing & services, food security management, and other stakeholder organizations. Our Advisors, Steering Committee, and Management Committee comprises experts and leaders in the field, and we work with our Corporate Members and other food safety stakeholders closely to address unmet global food safety needs.
 Data analytics is the science of extracting patterns, trends, and actionable information from large sets of data. While often used interchangeably with the term “business intelligence,” it’s useful to distinguish the terms. Think of business intelligence as the ways in which companies use data to improve their management and operations. Data analytics involves improving your ways of making sense of that data before acting on it; further still, you can slice and dice the data to extract insights that allow you to leverage this data to give you and your organization a competitive advantage.
​
We have 20+ years using large datasets to improve forecasting, supply chain operations, retail operations, collaborative business relationships, and understanding our consumers. One of its kind e-distributor and aggregator – Organising Consumer Goods, food and grocery  ecosystem using tech enabled artificially intelligent supply chain, data science and design.

We are trying to connect Producers to the Retailers and Business Buyers via technology and with aggregating and managing several aspects like SupplyChain and Finance. 
We are doing this across categories of FMCG, Grocery and other Consumer Goods and have a separate vertical doing the same thing for Fresh Agro Produce that is connecting Farmers to Retailers and Business Buyers. “V-Net bring the art and science of inventory management together”

We are an inventory management and category management solutions service provider. 

We have been operating in the Asia Pacific region since October 2002 and in Japan since mid-2013.

V-Net captures information from all points of the supply chain from consumer sales at a daily store and item level, through to warehouse shipments and stock inventory levels from each store and distribution centre. 

V-Net is currently importing data from over 3,000 retail stores within the Asia Pacific region on a daily basis. The retail POS data is imported on a daily basis at a store and product level. 

Using this consumer demand data the solution processes the information through complex benchmarking and forecasting models to create demand plans and actionable outcomes that can either drive an actual retailer reverse purchase order or be used for improved planning purposes and detailed category management. We deliver personalized, one-on-one career counselling and coaching programs to help our clients decide what's next, make successful career transitions, land the right job, and most importantly, find a career that fits.
​
Our approach is positive, strenghts-driven and truely holistic.
​
Our goal is to have a meaningful positive impact on your career.
​